



Alright, everyone, ''this'' is a stickup Don't anybody move

Now empty that safe.

Ooh-hoo-hoo Money, money, money. 
Stop it Stop it, you mean old potato
Quiet, Bo Peep, or your sheep get run over

Help Baa Help us
Oh, no, not my sheep Somebody do something

 ''Reach for the sky''
Oh no, Sheriff Woody
I'm here to stop you, One-Eyed Bart

Doh How’d you know it was me?
Are you gonna come quietly?
You can't touch me, Sheriff I brought my attack dog with the built-in force field 
Well I brought my dinosaur who eats forcefield dogs

Aaaar Roar-roar-roar
Yipe Yipe-yipe-yipe

You're goin' to jail, Bart. Say goodbye to the wife and tater tots.

 You saved the day again, Woody
 You're my favorite deputy

You've got a friend in me
You've got a friend in me

Come on, let's wrangle up the cattle.
When the road looks rough ahead
And you're miles and miles from your nice, warm bed

Round 'em up, cowboy
Just remember what your old pal said
Boy, you've got a friend in me

Yee-haw
''Yeah, you've got a friend in me''
Hey, cowboy

Some other folks might be a little bit smarter than I am
Big and stronger too
Come on, Woody
Maybe
But none of them will ever love you
The way I do
It's me and you, boy



And as the years go by
Our friendship will never die
You’re gonna see it's our destiny...
You've got a friend in me

Alright
''Yeah, you've got a friend in me''
 Score
''You got a friend in me''

 Wow Cool
 What do you think?
 Oh, this looks great, Mom
 Okay, birthday boy-
 We saw that at the store I asked you for it

Wow, look at that That's so- Oh, my gosh, you got-
One, two- Four. Yeah, I think that's gonna be enough.
Could we leave this up till we move?
Well, sure We can leave it up.
Yeah
Now go get Molly. Your friends are gonna be here any minute.
Okay. *picks up Woody from the couch and runs upstairs. It's party time, Woody Yeeeeeeee-haw


Howdy, little lady

 Somebody's poisoned the water hole
 Come on, Molly. Oh, you're getting heavy.  See ya later, Woody

 Pull my string The birthday party's today?  Okay, everybody, coast is clear

Ages 3 and up. It's on my box. Ages 3 and up. I'm not supposed to be baby-sitting Princess Drool.

Hey, Hamm. Look, I'm Picasso
I don't get it. 
You uncultured swine  What are you looking' at, ya Hockey Puck?

Sarge, have you seen Slinky?
Sir No, sir
Okay. Hey, thank you. At ease.  Hey, uh, Slinky?
Right here, Woody.

I'm red this time.
No. S-Slink-
Oh, well, alright. You can be red if you want.
N-Not now, Slink. I got some bad news.
Bad news?
Shh-shh-shh  Just gather everyone up for a staff meeting and be happy.
Got it.
Be ''happy''

 Staff meeting, everybody Snake, Robot, podium duty.

Hey.

Hey, Etch. Draw

 Oh Got me again. Etch, you've been working on that draw. Fastest knobs in the west.
 Got a staff meeting, you guys Come on, let's go.

Now, where is that...? Oh.  Hey, who moved my doodle pad way over here?

ROOOAAARR
How are you doin', Rex?
 Were you scared? Tell me honestly.
I was close to being scared that time. 
 I'm going for fearsome here, but I just don't feel it. I think I'm just coming off as annoying.

 Ow Oh, hi Bo. Hi.
I wanted to thank you, Woody, for saving my flock.
 Oh, hey, it was, uh, nothin'.
What do you say I get someone else to watch the sheep tonight?
 Heh, heh... Oh, yeah Uh, I...
 Remember, I'm just a couple of blocks away.

Come on, come on. Smaller toys up front.

Hey, Woody, come on.

Ahem
 Oh, thanks, Mike.  Okay-  Whoa, whoa. Step back.
For crying out loud.

There you go, thank you.  Hello? Check. That better? Great. Everybody hear me? Up on the shelf, can you hear me? Great, okay. First item today: Uh... oh, yeah. Has everyone picked a moving buddy?

What?
Moving buddy? You can't be serious.
I didn't know we were supposed to have one already.
 Do we have to hold hands?

Oh yeah, you guys think this is a big joke. We've only got one week left before the move. I don't want any toys left behind. A moving buddy. If you don't have one, get one  Alright, next. Uh, oh, yes. Tuesday night's plastic corrosion awareness meeting was, I think, a big success. And we want to thank Mr. Spell for putting that on for us. Thank you, Mr. Spell.
You're Welcome.
Okay. Uh, oh, yes. One, uh, minor note here.  Andy's birthday party has been moved to today.  Uh, next we have...

Wait a minute here
What? What do you mean the party's today? His birthday's not till next week
What's going on down there? Is his mom losing her marbles?
Well, obviously she wanted to have the party before the move. I'm not worried, ''you'' shouldn't be worried.
Of course Woody ain't worried. He's been Andy's favorite since kindergarten.
Hey, hey. Come on, Potato Head. If Woody says it's alright then, well, darn it, that's good enough for me.
Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha.
Woody has never steered us wrong before.
Come on, guys. Every Christmas and birthday we go through this.
But what if Andy gets another dinosaur, a ''mean'' one? I just don't think I could take that kind of rejection
Hey, listen, no one's getting replaced. This is Andy we're talking about.  It doesn't matter how much we're played with.

What matters is that we're here for Andy when he needs us. That's what we're made for, right?
Pardon me, I hate to break up the staff meeting, but-  -they’re here Birthday guests at 3:00
Stay calm, everyone

Hey Uh, meeting adjourned.

Ho, boy Will you take a look at all those presents?
I can't see a thing.

Yes, sir, we're next month's garage sale fodder for sure.
 Any dinosaur-shaped ones?
Oh, for crying out loud. They're all in boxes, you idiot.

They're getting bigger
Wait, there's a nice little one over there.

AAH
Spell; Trash Can.
We're doomed
All right, all right

If I sent out the troops, will you all calm down?
Yes, yes We promise
Okay Save your batteries.
Very good, Woody. That's using the old noodle.

Sergeant, establish a recon post downstairs. Code Red You know what to do.
Yes, sir

All right, men. You heard him. Code Red Repeat, we are at Code Red. Recon plan Charlie. Execute Let's move, move, move, move, move



Okay, come on, kids Everyone in the living room It's almost time for the presents





All right, gangway, gangway.
And ''this...''  ...is how we find out what is in those presents.


Okay, who's hungry? Here come the chips I've got Cool Ranch and barbecue

Ow What in the world? Oh- I thought I told him to pick these up.


Shouldn't they be there by now? What's taking them so long?
Hey, these guys are professionals. They're the best. Come on, they're not lying down on the job.


 G-G-Go on without me J-Just go
A good soldier never leaves a man behind.

Okay, everybody, come on Everybody settle down. Now, kids. Everybody, you sit in a circle. No, Andy. Andy, you sit in the middle there. Good. And- which present are you gonna open first?

There they are.


 Come in, Mother Bird. This is Alpha Bravo. Come in, Mother Bird.
This is it This is it Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet
 Alright. Andy's opening the first present now.
 Mrs. Potato Head Mrs. Potato Head Mrs. Potato Head  Hey, I can dream, can't I?
 The bow's coming off. He's ripping the wrapping paper. It's a- It's- It's a- a lunch box. We've got a lunch box here.
A lunch box?
Lunch box?
For lunch. Heh heh heh...
 Okay, second present. It appears to be- Okay, it's bed sheets.
Who invited ''that'' kid?

Oh, only one left.

 Okay, we're on the last present now.
Last present
 It's a big one. It's a- It's a board game Repeat, Battleship
Hooray

Hey, watch it
Sorry there, old spud head.

 Mission accomplished. Well done, men, pack it up, we're goin' home.

So, did I tell ya? Huh? Nothing' to worry about.
I knew you were right all along, Woody. Never doubted ya for a second.
Wait a minute. Oh What do we have here?

Wait Turn that thing back on

 Come in, Mother Bird Come in, Mother Bird Mom has pulled a surprise present from the closet. Andy's opening it.

He's really excited about this one.
 Mom, what is it?
It's a huge package. Oh, get outta the- One of the kids is in the way. I can't see.



It's a-



It's a what? WHAT IS IT?

Oh, no
Oh, ya big lizard Now we'll ''never'' know what it is
Way to go, Rex
No, no Turn 'em around, turn 'em around
He's putting 'em in backwards Here, you're putting 'em in backwards
Plus is positive, minus is negative Oh, let me


Let's go to my room, guys

Red alert, red alert Andy's comin' upstairs

 There
 Juvenile intrusion Repeat, resume your positions now
Andy's coming Everybody, back to your places Hurry

Get to your places Get to your places
Where's my ear? Who's seen my ear? Did you see my ear?
Out of my way Here I come Here I come

Hey, look His lasers light up
Take that, Zurg

Quick, make a space This is where the spaceship lands.
And you press his back and he does a karate chop action
 Come on down, guys It's time for games We got prizes
Oh yeah

What is it?
Can you see it?
What the heck is up there?
Woody, who's up there with ya?

Woody? What are you doing under the bed?
Uh, nothing', uh, nothing'. I'm sure Andy was just a little excited, that's all. Too much cake and ice cream, I suppose. It's just a mistake
Well, that mistake is sitting in your spot, Woody.
 Have you been replaced?
Hey, what did I tell you earlier? No one is getting replaced. Now let's all be polite and give whatever it is up there a nice, big Andy's Room welcome.

Buzz Lightyear to Star Command. Come in, Star Command.  Star Command, come in. Do you read me?  Why don't they answer?  My ship

Blast This will take weeks to repair.

Buzz Lightyear mission log, star date 4-0-7-2. My ship has run off course en route to sector 12. I've crash-landed on a strange planet. The impact must have awoken me from hyper sleep.  Terrain seems a bit unstable. into communicator* No readout yet if the air is breathable. And there seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere.
Hello

Aaaaaaah Whoa H-Hey Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Did I frighten you? Didn't mean to, sorry. Howdy, my name is Woody, and this is Andy's room. That's all I wanted to say. And also, there has been a bit of a mix-up. This is my spot, see the bed here-
 Local law enforcement. It's about time you got here. I'm Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Universe Protection Unit. My ship has crash-landed here by mistake.
Yes, it is a mistake because, you see, the bed here is my spot.
I need to repair my turbo boosters. Do you people still use fossil fuels, or have you discovered crystallic fusion?
Well, let's see. We got double-A's.
Watch yourself  Halt Who goes there?
Don't shoot It's okay. Friends.
 Do you know these life-forms?
Yes They're Andy's toys.
All right, everyone, you’re clear to come up.  I am Buzz Lightyear. I come in peace.
 Oh, I'm so glad you're not a dinosaur
Wh- Why, thank you  Now, thank you all for your ''kind'' welcome
Say, what's ''that'' button do?
I'll show you.

 Buzz Lightyear to the rescue

Wow
Hey, Woody's got something like that. His is a pull string. Only it's-
Only it sounds like a car ran over it.
Oh yeah, but not like this. This is a quality sound system. Probably all copper wiring, huh? So, uh, where you from? Singapore? Hong Kong?
Evil Emperor Zurg, sworn enemy of the Galactic Alliance
Oh, really? I'm from Playskool.
And I'm from . Well, I'm not really from Mattel. I'm actually from a smaller company that was purchased in a leveraged buyout. Well, I don't really understand the financials, but...
 You'd think they’ve never seen a new toy before.
Well, sure, look at him He's got more gadgets on him than a Swiss Army knife.

Ah-ah-ah-ah Please be careful. You don't want to be in the way when my laser goes off.
Hey, a laser? How come ''you'' don't have a laser, Woody?
It's not a laser It's a- It's a little light bulb that blinks
What's with him?
Laser envy.
All right, that's enough Look, we're all very impressed with Andy's new toy.
Toy?
T-O-Y. Toy
Excuse me, I-I think the word you're searching for is "Space Ranger."
The word I'm searching for I can't say because there's preschool toys present.
Gettin' kind of tense, aren't ya?
Oh, uh, Mr. Lightyear, uh, now I'm curious. What does a Space Ranger actually do?
He's not a Space Ranger He doesn't fight evil or or shoot lasers or fly
Excuse me

Oh, impressive wingspan Very good
Oh, what? What? These are plastic. He can't fly
They are a trillium-carbonic alloy, and I can fly.
No, you can't.
Yes, I can.
You can't.
Can.
Can't, can't, ''can't''
I tell you, I could fly around this room with my eyes closed
Okay, then, Mr. Light Beer, prove it.
All right then, I will.  Stand back, everyone

To infinity... and beyond

Can

Whoooa Oh, wow, you flew magnificently
I found my moving buddy.
Thank you. Th-Thank you all, thank you.
That wasn't flying That was ''falling'' with style.
Man, the dolls must really go for you. Can you teach me that?
 Golly bob howdy
Oh, shut up You know, in a couple of days, everything will be just the way it was. They'll see. They'll see. I'm still Andy's favorite toy.



I was on top of the world living high
It was right in my pocket
I was living' the life
Things were just the way they should be

When from out of the sky like a bomb
Comes some little punk in a rocket
Now all of a sudden,
Some strange things are happening to me
Buzz Lightyear to the rescue

Strange things are happening to me
Strange things
Strange things are happening to me
Ain't no doubt about it

I had friends
I had lots of friends
Now all my friends are gone
And I'm doing the best I can to carry on

''I had power''
''Power''
''I want respected''
''Respect''
But not anymore
And I've lost the love of the one whom I adore

Let me tell you about it
Strange things are happening to me
Strange things

Strange things are happening to me
Ain't no doubt about it
Strange things 



Finally  Hey, who's got my hat?
 Look, I'm Woody Howdy, howdy, howdy
 Ah-ha Ah-ha  Gimme that 
Say there, Lizard and Stretchy Dog, let me show you something. It looks as though I've been accepted into your culture. Your chief Andy inscribed his name on me.
Wow
Wow With permanent ink too
Well, I must get back to repairing my ship. 

Don't let it get to you, Woody.
 Uh... let what? I don't, uh- What do you mean? Who?
I know Andy's excited about Buzz. But you know he'll always have a special place for you.
 Yeah, like the attic. Heh, heh.
All right, that's it 

Hmm. Unidirectional bonding strip.
 Mr. Lightyear wants more tape.

Listen, Light Snack, you stay away from Andy. He's mine, and no one is taking him away from me.
What are you talking about?  Where's that bonding strip?

And another thing, stop with this spaceman thing It's getting on my nerves
 Are you saying you want to lodge a complaint with Star Command?
Oh-ho, okay Ooh, well, so you want to do it the hard way, huh?
 Don't even think about it, cowboy.
Oh yeah, tough guy?

This air isn't... toxic.  How dare you open a spaceman's helmet on an uncharted planet? My eyeballs could have been sucked from their sockets 
You actually think you're the Buzz Lightyear?  Oh, all this time I thought it was an act  Hey, guys, look It's the real Buzz Lightyear
You're mocking me, aren't you?
Oh no, no. No, no, no, no, no.  Buzz, look, an alien
Where?

 Yes 
Whoa 
Uh-oh.
It's Sid
I thought he was a summer camp.
They must have kicked him out early this year.

Oh no, not Sid
 Incoming

Who is it this time?
I- I can't- I can't tell. Hey, where's Lenny?
Right here, Woody.

Oh no, I can't ''bare'' to watch one of these again.

Oh no, it's a Combat Carl.
What's going on?
Nothing that concerns you spacemen, just us toys.
I better go take a look anyway.  Why is that soldier strapped to an explosive device?
 That's why... Sid.
Hmm, sure is a hairy fellow.
No, no, that's Scud, you idiot.  ''That'' is Sid

You mean that happy child.
That ain't no happy child.
He tortures toys just for fun

Well then we've ''got'' to do something 
 What are you doing? Get down from there
I'm gonna teach that boy a lesson.
Yeah, sure. Go ahead. Melt him with your scary laser. 
 Be careful with that It's extremely dangerous.
 He's lighting it He's lighting it Hit the dirt

Look out

Yes He's gone He's history Whoo
(''The toys peek over the window sill. A large black scorch mark is all that remains where Combat Carl once stood. Sid jumps up and down victoriously while Scud resumes his barking.
I could've stopped him.
Buzz, I would love to see you try. Of course, I would love to see you as a crater.

The sooner we move, the better.
 Yeah


 To infinity and beyond


Oh, all this packing makes me hungry. What would you say to dinner at, uh- Oh, Pizza Planet?
Pizza Planet? Oh, cool

 Go wash your hands and I'll get Molly ready.
 Can I bring some toys?
 You can bring ''one'' toy.
 Just one?
One toy?

Will Andy pick me?
Don't count on it? Ohh

Buzz Oh Buzz Buzz Lightyear Buzz Lightyear, thank goodness We've got trouble
Trouble? Where?
 Down there Just down there A helpless toy, it's- it's trapped, Buzz
Then we've no time to lose

I don't see anything
Oh, he's there Just, just keep looking 
What kind of toy- 

Buzz
Waaah
Buzz

I don't see him in the driveway.
Do you see what happened?
I think he bounce into Sid's yard.
Oh, Buzz

Hey, everyone, RC's trying to say something  What is it, boy?
 He's saying that this was no accident.
Huh?
What do you mean?
I mean Humpty Dumpty was pushed-
No
 -by Woody
 What?
Wait a minute. You- You don't think I meant to knock Buzz out the window.  Do you, Potato Head?
That's ''Mr.'' Potato Head to ''you,'' you backstabbing murderer
Now, it was an accident, guys, come on now. You- you got to believe me.
We believe ya, Woody. Right, Rex?
Well, ye... N...  I don't like confrontations
Where is your honor, dirtbag? You are an absolute disgrace You don’t deserve to- Hey

You couldn't handle Buzz cutting in on your playtime, could you, Woody? Didn't want to face the fact that Buzz just might be Andy's new favorite toy, so you got rid of him. Well, what if Andy starts playing with me more, Woody, huh? You gonna knock me outta the window too?
I don't think we should give him the chance.

There he is, men, frag him
Let's string him up by his pull-string
I call dibs on his hat
Would you boys stop it?
Tackle him
No, no, no, wait, wait, wait, I can explain everything
 Andy, come on
 Okay, Mom, be right down, I gotta get Buzz.
Retreat

Mom, do you know where Buzz is?
No, I haven't seen him

Andy, I'm headin' out the door
But, Mom, I can't find him
Honey, just grab some other toy, now come on
 Okay. 

I couldn't find my Buzz. I know I left him right there.
Honey, I'm sure he's around. You'll find him.

It's too short We need more monkeys
There aren't any more That's the whole barrel  Buzz, the monkeys aren't working We're formulating another plans Stay calm Oh, where could he be?


Can I help pump the gas?
 Sure I'll even let you drive.
 Yeah?
 Yeah, when you're 16.
 Yuk, yuk, yuk Funny, Mom.

Aw, great. How am I gonna convince those guys it was an accident?

Buzz

Buzz Ha You're alive This is great Oh, I'm saved I'm saved Andy will find you here He'll take us back to the room, and then you can tell everyone that this was all just a big mistake. Huh, right?  Buddy?
I just want you to know that even though you tried to terminate me, revenge is not an idea we promote on my planet.
Oh. Well, that's good.
But we're not on my planet, are we?
No.

Okay, come on You want a piece of me?

 Buzz- Buzz- Buzz Lightyear to the rescue
Aah-ouch
 Next stop...
 Pizza Planet Yeah

 Andy

Wh- Doesn't he realize that I'm not there?  I'm ''lost''  Oh, I'm a lost toy

Buzz Lightyear mission log. The local sheriff and I seem to be at a huge refueling station of some sort.
YOU

According to my Nava-computer, the-
Shut up Just shut up, you idiot
Sheriff, this is no time to panic.
This is the perfect time to panic I'm lost, Andy is gone, they’re gonna move from their house in two days and it's all your fault
My- My fault? If you hadn't pushed me out of the window in the first place-
Oh, yeah? Well, if ''you'' hadn't shown up in your stupid little cardboard spaceship and taken away everything that was important to me-
Don't talk to me about importance Because of ''YOU'' the security of this entire universe is in jeopardy
What? What are you talkin' about?
Right now, poised at the edge of the galaxy, Emperor Zurg has been secretly building a weapon with the destructive capacity to annihilate an entire planet I alone have information that reveals this weapon's only weakness.  And ''you,'' my friend, are responsible for delaying my rendezvous with Star Command
'''''YOU... ARE... A... TOY''''' You aren't the real Buzz Lightyear You're a- Oh, you’re an action figure You are a child's plaything
You are a sad, strange little man, and you have my pity. Farewell. 
Oh, yeah? Well, good riddance, ya loony  "Rendezvous with Star Command".

 Hey, gas dude
 You talking to me?
 Yeah, man, can you help me here? Do you know where Cutting Boulevard is?
Pizza Planet? Andy  Oh, no I can't show my face in that room without Buzz.  Buzz Buzz, come back
Go away
No, Buzz, you gotta come back I-  I found a spaceship

 It's a spaceship, Buzz

 Come on, man, hurry up Um like, the pizzas are getting cold here
 Uh, Cutting Boulevard, huh?
 Yeah, yeah. Which way?

Now, you're sure this space freighter will return to its port of origin once it jettisons its food supply?
Uh-huh. And when we get there, we'll be able to find a way to transport you home.
Well then, let's climb aboard.
No, no, no wait, Buzz Buzz  Let's get in the back No one will see us there.
Negative. There are no restraining harnesses in the cargo area. We'll be much safer in the cockpit.
Yeah, Bu-

Buzz Buzz
 That's two lefts and a right, huh?
 Yeah.
Thanks for the directions, okay?
And remember, kid-
Buzz

It's safer in the cockpit than the cargo bay. What an idiot.



Next shuttle lift off is scheduled for T-minus 30 minutes and counting.

''You are clear to enter. Welcome to Pizza Planet.''
The white zone is for immediate pizza-

Sheriff  Yep.

There you are. Now, the entrance is heavily guarded. We need a way to get inside.  Great idea, Woody. I like your thinkin'.
(''In the F.G. sits a trash can with fast food containers littered around it. more customers approach the guarded entrance.
''You are clear to enter. Welcome to Pizza Planet.''

Now

Quickly, Sheriff, the airlock is closing.

Jones, party of five, your shuttle is now boarding-

Hey, Mom, can we have some tokens?

Ow Watch where you're going
Sorry.

Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.

What a... spaceport Good work, Woody.

Mom, can I play Black Hole? Please, please, please?

Andy
Now, we need to find a ship that's headed for Sector 12.
Wait a minute.  No, no, no, Buzz, this way There's a special ship, I just saw it
You mean it has hyper drive?
Hyperactive hyper drive. And Astro... uh, turf
Where is it? I-I don't see the-

Come on, that's it...
Spaceship
Alright, Buzz, get ready. And-

...until the universe explodes
Okay, Buzz, when I say go, we're gonna jump in the basket. Buzz

D'oh No
Hey, Mom, if I eat all my pizza, can I have some alien slime?
This cannot be happening to me.

A stranger.
From the outside.
Oooooohhhhhhh
Greetings. I am Buzz Lightyear. I come in peace.
(''The squeeze toys rush Buzz like jabbering excited children.
Before your space journey, re-energize yourself with a slice of pepperoni, now boarding at counter three.

This is an intergalactic emergency. I need to commandeer your vessel to Sector 12. Who's in charge here?
 The claaaaaaaaww....

The claw's our master.
The claw chooses who will go and who will stay.
This is ludicrous.
Hey, bozo, you got a brain in there?
 
 Take that

Oh, no Sid  Get down

What's gotten into you, Sheriff? I was-
''You'' are the one that decided to climb into this-
Shh The claw, it moves.

I have been chosen Farewell, my friends I go on to a better place.

Gotcha  A Buzz Lightyear? No way

Yes
 Buzz No

 HEY

He has been chosen
He must go.
Hey What are you doing?
 He must go Do not fight the claw Do not anger the claw He has been chosen.
Stop it Stop it, you zealots

Alright Double prizes

 Let's go home and... ''play.'' Ha-ha-ha.


Sheriff, I can see your dwelling from here. You’re almost home.
Nirvana is coming. The mystic portal awaits.
Would you be quiet? You guys don't get it, do you? Once we go into Sid's house, we won't be coming out.


Whoa, Scud Hey, boy Sit Good boy. Hey, I got something for you, boy. 
Freeze

Ready, set, now

Hannah Hey, Hannah
What?
Did I get my package in the mail?
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
I don't know
Oh no, Hannah
What?
Look, Janie 
Hey
She's ''sick''
No, she's not
I'll have to perform one of my... operations 
No
Not Sid's room. Not there.

Sid, give her back Sid Sid

 Oh no, we have a sick patient here, Nurse. Prepare the OR, stat 

Patient is...  prepped.  No one's ever attempted a double bypass brain transplant before.  Now for the tricky part. Pliers
I don't believe that man's ever been to medical school.

 Doctor, you've done it  Hannah  Janie's all better now.
 MOM MOM
She's lying Whatever she says, it's not true

We are gonna die. I'm outta here  Locked  There's got to be another way outta here.

Uh, Buzz? W-Was that you?

Hey, hi there, little fella. Come out here. Do you know a way outta here?

B-B-B-B-B-BUZZ

They're cannibals

Mayday, mayday Come in, Star Command Send reinforcements  Star Command, do you copy?  I've set my laser from stun to kill.
Aw, great. Great, yeah, and if anyone attacks us, we can blink 'em to death.


Hey, you guys, I think I found him Buzz? Is that you?

Whiskers, will you get outta here? You're interfering with the search and rescue

 Look, they're home.

Mom, have you seen Woody?
Where was the last place you left him?
 Right here in the van.
Oh, I'm sure he's there. You're just not looking hard enough.
He's not here, Mom. Woody's gone.
 Woody's gone?
Ah, boy, the weasel got away.
Huh? Huh? I told you he was guilty
Who would've thought he was capable of such atrocities?

Oh, Slink, I hope he's okay.

 Oh, a survivor. Where is the rebel base? Talk


I can see your will is strong.

Well, we have ways of making you talk.

Where are your rebel friends now? 
 Sid Your pop-tarts are ready
All right

You all right? I'm proud of you, Sheriff, a lesser man would've talked under such torture.
 Sure hope this isn't permanent.
Still no word from Star Command. We're not that far from the spaceport.
The door It's open, we're free
What if we don't know what's out there?
I'll tell you wh- Aaaaah

Ah They're gonna eat us, Buzz Do something, quick
Sheild your eyes

It's not working. I recharged it before I left. I-It should be good for-
No, you idiot, you’re a toy Use your karate chop action  Get away  Hoo-cha Hoo-cha
Hey, hey How are you doin' that? Stop that
Back Back, you savages Back
Woody, stop it
Sorry guys, but dinner's cancelled  There's no place like home There's no place like home  There's no place like home


Another stunt like that, cowboy, you're gonna get us killed.
Don't tell me what to do.
Shh.

 YEE-HAW Giddy up, partner We gotta get this wagon train a-movin'

Split up

Calling Buzz Lightyear. Come in, Buzz Lightyear. This is Star Command. Buzz Lightyear, do you read me?
Star Command 
Buzz Lightyear responding Read you loud and clear
Buzz Lightyear, planet Earth needs your help...
On the way
'''''BUZZ LIGHTYEAR'''''
The world's greatest superhero, now the world's greatest toy Buzz has it all Locking wrist communicator
Calling Buzz Lightyear
Karate Chop Action
Wow
Pulsating laserlight
Total annihilation
Multi-phrase voice simulator
 It's a secret mission in uncharted space.
 It's a secret mission in uncharted space.
And best of all, high pressure space-wings
To infinity and beyond
Not a flying toy.

Get your Buzz Lightyear action figure and save a galaxy near you
'''''BUZZ LIGHTYEAR'''''
Available at all Al's Toy Barn outlets in the tri-county area.
And welcome back to the Point Richmond Bowling Championship.

Out among the stars I'd sail
Way beyond the moon
In my silver ship I sailed
In a dream that ended too soon
Now I know exactly who I am
And what I'm here for...

 You are a toy You can't fly
And I will go sailing
No more

But no, it can't be true,
I could fly if I wanted to
Like a bird in the sky...
If I believed I could fly...
Why, I'd fly

To infinity and beyond

''Clearly, I will go sailing, no more''

Mom Mom, have you seen my Sally doll?

 What, dear? What was that?
 Never mind


Oo-oo-oof  Buzz, the coast is clear. Buzz, where are you?
 It's a secret mission in uncharted space. Let's go.

 Really? That is so interesting.

Would you like some tea, Mrs. Nesbitt?

 Buzz
It's so nice you could join us on such late notice.
 Oh, no
What a lovely hat, Mrs. Nesbitt. It goes quite well with your head.

 Hannah Oh, Hannah

Mom?  Please excuse me, ladies. I'll be right back.

What is it, Mom? Mom, where are you?

Buzz Hey, Buzz Are you okay?
Gone  It's all gone. All of it's gone. Bye-bye Whoo-whoo See ya
What happened to you?
One minute you're defending the whole galaxy. And suddenly you find yourself suckin' down Darjeeling with...  Marie Antoinette and her little sister.  
 I think you've had enough tea for today. Let's get you outta here, Buzz.
Don't you get it? You see the hat? I am Mrs. Nesbitt 
Snap out of it, Buzz

I-I-I'm... I'm sorry. I- You're right. I'm just a little depressed. That's all.  I-I-I can get through this.  Oh, I'm a sham
Shhhhh Quiet, Buzz.
Look at me I can't even fly out of... a window The hat look good. Tell me the hat look good. The apron is a bit much, it's not my color...

Out the window Buzz, you're a genius  Come on, come on. This way.
Years of academy training, wasted


Ha, ha. B-3.
Miss G-6.
Oh You sunk it
Heh-heh.
Are you peeking?
Oh, quit your whining and pay up.  No, no, not the ear, give me the nose. C'mon
 How about three out of five?

Hey, guys Guys Hey
Son of a building block. It's Woody
He's in the psycho's bedroom
Ha-ha, hi
Everyone, it's Woody

Woody?
You're kidding
Woody?
Ha We're gonna get outta here, Buzz  Buzz? 

Hey, look
Woody
Oh boy, am I glad to see you guys
I knew you'd come back, Woody
What are you doin' over there?
It's a long story, Bo, I'll explain later. Here Catch this
Whoa  I got it, Woody
He got it, Woody
Good going, Slink Now just, just tie it on to something.
Wait, wait, wait, wait I got a better idea How 'bout we don't? 
Hey
Potato Head
Did you all take stupid pills this morning? Have you forgotten what he did to Buzz? And now you want to let him back over here?
No, no, no No-no-no-no-no You got it- You got it all wrong, Potato Head Buzz is fine Buzz is right here, he's with me
You are a liar
No, I'm not  Buzz, come over here and you just tell the nice toys that you're- that you're not dead.

Just a sec  Buzz, will you get up here and give me a hand?

 Ha-ha-ha-ha. That's very funny, Buzz.  This is serious
Hey, Woody? Where'd ya go?
He's lying. Buzz ain't there.

Oh Hi, Buzz Why don't you say hello to the guys over there?  Hiya, fellas. To infinity and beyond
Hey, look It's Buzz
Yeah. Hey, Buzz, let's show the guys our new secret best-friends handshake. Give me five, man
 Something's screwy here.
So, you see we're friends now, guys. Aren't we, Buzz?  You bet. Give me a hug.  Ha-ha, oh, I love you, too.
See? It ''is'' Buzz. Now get back the lights, Potato Head.
Wait just a minute.  What are you trying to pull?
Nothing

Oh, well that is disgusting.
MURDERER
No No-no-no-no
You murdering dog
It's not what you think I swear
Save it for the jury I hope Sid pulls your voice box out, ya creep
No, no, no, no Don't leave, don't leave Ya got to help us, please You don't know what it's like over here
Come on. Let's get outta here.
Go back to your lives, citizens. Show's over.

Come back Slink Slink, please Please Listen to me  No No, come back Sli-i-i-inkyy

Buzz Go away, you disgusting freaks

Aah Alright, back Back, you cannibals Aah Oof

He is still alive, and you're not gonna get him, you monsters

Hey. Hey, they fixed you.  But- But they're cannibals. We saw them eat those other toys.

Uh...sorry. I-I-I thought that you were gonna...  ...you know, you know, eat my friend.

Hey, no, no, wait, hey What's wrong?
 Sid?
 Not now, Mom, I'm busy
Sid
 You left the door open

Buzz C'mon, get up Use your legs Fine, let Sid trash you but don't blame me

It came It finally came  The Big One  "Extremely dangerous. Keep out of reach of children." Cool.  What am I gonna blow? Man. Hey where's that wimpy cowboy doll?

Yes I've always wanted to put a spaceman into orbit. Ha-ha.

Now...yes.

Oh no Aw man...

 Sid Phillips reporting. Launch of the shuttle has been delayed due to adverse weather conditions at the launch site. Tomorrow's forecast...  ...sunny. Ha-ha-ha. Sweet dreams.


I looked everywhere, honey, but all I could find was your hat.
But what if we leave them behind?
Oh, don't worry, honey, I'm sure we'll find Woody and Buzz before we leave tomorrow.

 Ahh I need air
(''Rex pops out of the top of the box, couching a packing Styrofoam peanut out of his mouth. Potato Head appears beside him.
Will you quit moving around?
I'm sorry. It's just that I get so nervous before I travel
How did I get stuck with YOU as a moving buddy? 
Everyone else was picked.

Oh, Woody. If only you could see how much Andy misses you.




Psst Psst Hey, Buzz

Hey Get over here and see if you can get this tool box off me.

Oh, come on, Buzz, I- Buzz, I can't do this without you. I need your help.
I can't help. I can't help anyone.
Why sure you can, Buzz. You can get me outta here. And then I'll get that rocket off you, and we'll make a break for Andy's house.
Andy's house, Sid's house. What's the difference?
Oh, Buzz. You've had a big fall. You must not be thinking clearly.
No, Woody. For the first time I am thinking clearly.  You were right all along. I'm not a Space Ranger. I'm just a toy, a stupid little insignificant toy.
Whoa, hey, wait a minute. Being' a toy is a lot better than being' a, a Space Ranger.
Yeah, right.
No, it is. Look, over in that house is a kid who thinks you are the greatest. And it's not because you're a Space Ranger, pal. It's because you're a toy. You are his toy.
But why would Andy want me?
Why would Andy want you? Look at you You're a Buzz Lightyear. Any other toy would give up his moving parts just to be you. You've got wings, you glow in the dark, you talk, your helmet does that... that whoosh thing. You are a cool toy.  ...As a matter of fact, you're too cool. I mean- I mean what chance does a toy like me have against a Buzz Lightyear action figure? All I can do is... 
 There's a snake in my boot
 Why would Andy ever want to play with me, when he's got you? I'm the one that should be strapped to that rocket.

Listen, Buzz, forget about me. You should get outta here while you can.

Buzz What are you doin'? I thought you were-
Come on, Sheriff. There's a kid over in that house who needs us. Now let's get you out of this thing.
Yes, sir

Come on, Buzz We can do it

Woody It's the moving van.
We've gotta get out of here now.

C'mon, Buzz.

Alright.  Buzz Hey, I'm out

Almost...there...

I wanna ride the pony...

Woody Woody Are you alright?
 I'm fine. I'm okay.

Oh, yeah Time for liftoff Whoo  To infinity and beyond

Ah Aaah Back, back Back Down, down

Okay, what do I do? Come on Woody, think

Guys  No, no, no, no Wait Wait. Listen, please. There's a good toy down there, and he's gonna be blown to bits in a few minutes. All because of me. We’ve got to save him. But I need your help.

Please. He's my friend. And he's the only one I've got.

 Thank you.  Okay. I think I know what to do. We're gonna have to break a few rules, but if it works, it'll help everybody.




Houston to Mission Control. Come in, Control.  A launch pad is being constructed.


Alright, listen up. I need Pump Boy here, Ducky here. Legs, you're with Ducky.  RollerBob and I don't move 'til we get the signal, clear?

Okay, let's move

Wind the frog

Wait for the signal...

Go

Alright, let's go

 I'll get it
Now

I'm coming, I'm coming

 Scud

Stupid dog

Lean back



 Uh, Mission Control, is the launch pad construction complete?  Uh, roger, rocket is now secured to guide wire. We are currently obtaining the ignition sticks. Countdown will commence momentarily. Stand by.

Let's go

Hey, Ma, where are the matches? Oh, oh, wait, here they are. Never mind

Woody Great Help me outta this thing.
Shh
What?
It's okay. Everything's under control. 
Woody, what are you doing?

 Houston, all systems are go. Requesting permission to launch...  Hey How'd you get out here?  Oh, well, you and I can have a cookout later. Ha-ha-ha...

 Houston, do we have permission to launch?  Uh, roger, permission granted. You are confirmed at T minus 10 seconds...  ...and counting. Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one

 Reach for the sky.
Huh?

 This town ain't big enough for the two of us.
What?

 Somebody's poisoned the water hole.
It's busted. 
 Who are you callin' busted, Buster?

 That's right. I'm talking to you, Sid Phillips. We don't like being blown up, Sid, or smashed or ripped apart.
W-W-W-We?
 That's right. Your toys.

Mama Mama Mama Mama

 From now on, you must take good care of your toys Because if you don't, we'll find out, Sid. We toys can see-  ''-everything...''

So play '''''nice.'''''

Ha-ha We did it We did it Ha-ha Yes

The toys The toys are alive  N-Nice toy....

What's wrong, Sid? Don't you want to play with Sally?

Nice work, fellahs. Good job. Comin' out of the ground, what a touch That was a stroke of genius.
Woody Thanks.

 Everybody say "Bye, house"
Woody, the van
 Bye, house.

 We gotta run, thanks, guys

Quick

Just go, I'll catch up

Come on

You can do it, Woody

Whoo-hoo-hoo I made it.

 Aaaah Aah Get away, you stupid dog Down, down Aah, aah

Hold on, Woody
I can't do it Take care of Andy for me
NOOOOOOO

Buzz

Ow
Are we there already?
Woody?
Woody
How did you-
How'd he get here?
Where have you- What happened?

Ow
What's goin' on? What's he taken?
Aha There you are 
Hey. What's he doing?

Aah He's at it again

GET HIM

Roar
Ah-ah No, no

No, no, no, no Wait Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa

Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa

Pig pile

Get outta that car
Move it
Whew.

No wait You don't understand Buzz is out there, we've gotta help him
Toss him overboard
No, no, no, wait Aah

Hooray
So long Woody

Ohh Woody

Whoa Oh Well, thanks for the ride.
Look out

Now let's catch up to that truck

Guys, guys, Woody's riding RC
What?
And Buzz is with him

It ''is'' Buzz Woody was telling the truth
What have we done?
Great, now I have guilt.

We're almost there
Rocky, the ramp

Look out

Quick, hold on to my tail

Atta boy, Slink

Ohh, Woody Woody, speed up
Speed up
The batteries They're running out
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa

Hakuna Matata
What a wonderful phrase

I can't hold on much longer
Slink, hang on

Great

Woody, the rocket
The match Yes Thank you, Sid

No, no, no, no No Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no No

Woody, what are you doing?
Hold still, Buzz

Ha-ha 
You did it Next stop: Andy
Wait a minute... I just lit a rocket. ''Rockets explode''

I should've held on longer...
 Look, look, it's Woody and Buzz comin' up fast

Woody

Ah Take cover

AAAH This is the part where we blow up
Not today

 ''AAAHH''

Hey, Buzz You're flying
This isn't flying. This is falling with style
Ha-ha-ha To infinity and beyooond

 Uh, Buzz We missed the truck
We're not aiming for the truck

 Hey, wow
What? What is it?
 Woody Buzz
Oh, great, you found them. Where were they?
Here in the car
See? Now what did I tell you? Right where you left them.



Which one can I open first?
Let's let Molly open one.



 Frankincense, this is Myrrh. Come in, Frankincense.
Hey, heads up everybody, it's showtime.
Oh, it's time

Woah Oh, Bo There's gotta be a less painful way to get my attention.
Merry Christmas, Sheriff.

Say, isn't that mistletoe?
Mm-hm.

Maybe Andy will get another dinosaur, like a leaf-eater. That way I could play the, uh, dominant predator. Ha-ha-ha
Quiet everyone, quiet
 Molly's first present is... Mrs. Potato Head, repeat. A Mrs. Potato Head
Way to go, Idaho
Gee, I better shave.

Buzz. Buzz Lightyear, you are not worried, are you?
Me? No, no. Pfft. No. No, no, no, no. Mm-mm.
  Come in, Frankincense. Andy is now opening his first present- I can't make quite out- A large box- it's- it-

Are you?
Ha Now, Buzz, what could Andy possibly get that is worse than you?

 Oh, what is it? What is it? Wow, a puppy
























