



Alright, everyone, ''this'' is a stickup Don't anybody move

Now empty that safe.

Ooh-hoo-hoo Money, money, money. 
Stop it Stop it, you mean old potato
Quiet, Bo Peep, or your sheep get run over

Help Baa Help us
Oh, no, not my sheep Somebody do something

 ''Reach for the sky''
Oh no, Sheriff Woody
I'm here to stop you, One-Eyed Bart

Doh How’d you know it was me?
Are you gonna come quietly?
You can't touch me, Sheriff I brought my attack dog with the built-in force field 
Well I brought my dinosaur who eats forcefield dogs

Aaaar Roar-roar-roar
Yipe Yipe-yipe-yipe

You're goin' to jail, Bart. Say goodbye to the wife and tater tots.

 You saved the day again, Woody
 You're my favorite deputy

You've got a friend in me
You've got a friend in me

Come on, let's wrangle up the cattle.
When the road looks rough ahead
And you're miles and miles from your nice, warm bed

Round 'em up, cowboy
Just remember what your old pal said
Boy, you've got a friend in me

Yee-haw
''Yeah, you've got a friend in me''
Hey, cowboy

Some other folks might be a little bit smarter than I am
Big and stronger too
Come on, Woody
Maybe
But none of them will ever love you
The way I do
It's me and you, boy



And as the years go by
Our friendship will never die
You’re gonna see it's our destiny...
You've got a friend in me

Alright
''Yeah, you've got a friend in me''
 Score
''You got a friend in me''

 Wow Cool
 What do you think?
 Oh, this looks great, Mom
 Okay, birthday boy-
 We saw that at the store I asked you for it

Wow, look at that That's so- Oh, my gosh, you got-
One, two- Four. Yeah, I think that's gonna be enough.
Could we leave this up till we move?
Well, sure We can leave it up.
Yeah
Now go get Molly. Your friends are gonna be here any minute.
Okay. *picks up Woody from the couch and runs upstairs. It's party time, Woody Yeeeeeeee-haw


Howdy, little lady

 Somebody's poisoned the water hole
 Come on, Molly. Oh, you're getting heavy.  See ya later, Woody

 Pull my string The birthday party's today?  Okay, everybody, coast is clear

Ages 3 and up. It's on my box. Ages 3 and up. I'm not supposed to be baby-sitting Princess Drool.

Hey, Hamm. Look, I'm Picasso
I don't get it. 
You uncultured swine  What are you looking' at, ya Hockey Puck?

Sarge, have you seen Slinky?
Sir No, sir
Okay. Hey, thank you. At ease.  Hey, uh, Slinky?
Right here, Woody.

I'm red this time.
No. S-Slink-
Oh, well, alright. You can be red if you want.
N-Not now, Slink. I got some bad news.
Bad news?
Shh-shh-shh  Just gather everyone up for a staff meeting and be happy.
Got it.
Be ''happy''

 Staff meeting, everybody Snake, Robot, podium duty.

Hey.

Hey, Etch. Draw

 Oh Got me again. Etch, you've been working on that draw. Fastest knobs in the west.
 Got a staff meeting, you guys Come on, let's go.

Now, where is that...? Oh.  Hey, who moved my doodle pad way over here?

ROOOAAARR
How are you doin', Rex?
 Were you scared? Tell me honestly.
I was close to being scared that time. 
 I'm going for fearsome here, but I just don't feel it. I think I'm just coming off as annoying.

 Ow Oh, hi Bo. Hi.
I wanted to thank you, Woody, for saving my flock.
 Oh, hey, it was, uh, nothin'.
What do you say I get someone else to watch the sheep tonight?
 Heh, heh... Oh, yeah Uh, I...
 Remember, I'm just a couple of blocks away.

Come on, come on. Smaller toys up front.

Hey, Woody, come on.

Ahem
 Oh, thanks, Mike.  Okay-  Whoa, whoa. Step back.
For crying out loud.

There you go, thank you.  Hello? Check. That better? Great. Everybody hear me? Up on the shelf, can you hear me? Great, okay. First item today: Uh... oh, yeah. Has everyone picked a moving buddy?

What?
Moving buddy? You can't be serious.
I didn't know we were supposed to have one already.
 Do we have to hold hands?

Oh yeah, you guys think this is a big joke. We've only got one week left before the move. I don't want any toys left behind. A moving buddy. If you don't have one, get one  Alright, next. Uh, oh, yes. Tuesday night's plastic corrosion awareness meeting was, I think, a big success. And we want to thank Mr. Spell for putting that on for us. Thank you, Mr. Spell.
You're Welcome.
Okay. Uh, oh, yes. One, uh, minor note here.  Andy's birthday party has been moved to today.  Uh, next we have...

Wait a minute here
What? What do you mean the party's today? His birthday's not till next week
What's going on down there? Is his mom losing her marbles?
Well, obviously she wanted to have the party before the move. I'm not worried, ''you'' shouldn't be worried.
Of course Woody ain't worried. He's been Andy's favorite since kindergarten.
Hey, hey. Come on, Potato Head. If Woody says it's alright then, well, darn it, that's good enough for me.
Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha.
Woody has never steered us wrong before.
Come on, guys. Every Christmas and birthday we go through this.
But what if Andy gets another dinosaur, a ''mean'' one? I just don't think I could take that kind of rejection
Hey, listen, no one's getting replaced. This is Andy we're talking about.  It doesn't matter how much we're played with.

What matters is that we're here for Andy when he needs us. That's what we're made for, right?
Pardon me, I hate to break up the staff meeting, but-  -they’re here Birthday guests at 3:00
Stay calm, everyone

Hey Uh, meeting adjourned.

Ho, boy Will you take a look at all those presents?
I can't see a thing.

Yes, sir, we're next month's garage sale fodder for sure.
 Any dinosaur-shaped ones?
Oh, for crying out loud. They're all in boxes, you idiot.

They're getting bigger
Wait, there's a nice little one over there.

AAH
Spell; Trash Can.
We're doomed
All right, all right

If I sent out the troops, will you all calm down?
Yes, yes We promise
Okay Save your batteries.
Very good, Woody. That's using the old noodle.

Sergeant, establish a recon post downstairs. Code Red You know what to do.
Yes, sir

All right, men. You heard him. Code Red Repeat, we are at Code Red. Recon plan Charlie. Execute Let's move, move, move, move, move



Okay, come on, kids Everyone in the living room It's almost time for the presents





All right, gangway, gangway.
And ''this...''  ...is how we find out what is in those presents.


Okay, who's hungry? Here come the chips I've got Cool Ranch and barbecue

Ow What in the world? Oh- I thought I told him to pick these up.


Shouldn't they be there by now? What's taking them so long?
Hey, these guys are professionals. They're the best. Come on, they're not lying down on the job.


 G-G-Go on without me J-Just go
A good soldier never leaves a man behind.

Okay, everybody, come on Everybody settle down. Now, kids. Everybody, you sit in a circle. No, Andy. Andy, you sit in the middle there. Good. And- which present are you gonna open first?

There they are.


 Come in, Mother Bird. This is Alpha Bravo. Come in, Mother Bird.
This is it This is it Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet
 Alright. Andy's opening the first present now.
 Mrs. Potato Head Mrs. Potato Head Mrs. Potato Head  Hey, I can dream, can't I?
 The bow's coming off. He's ripping the wrapping paper. It's a- It's- It's a- a lunch box. We've got a lunch box here.
A lunch box?
Lunch box?
For lunch. Heh heh heh...
 Okay, second present. It appears to be- Okay, it's bed sheets.
Who invited ''that'' kid?

Oh, only one left.

 Okay, we're on the last present now.
Last present
 It's a big one. It's a- It's a board game Repeat, Battleship
Hooray

Hey, watch it
Sorry there, old spud head.

 Mission accomplished. Well done, men, pack it up, we're goin' home.

So, did I tell ya? Huh? Nothing' to worry about.
I knew you were right all along, Woody. Never doubted ya for a second.
Wait a minute. Oh What do we have here?

Wait Turn that thing back on

 Come in, Mother Bird Come in, Mother Bird Mom has pulled a surprise present from the closet. Andy's opening it.

He's really excited about this one.
 Mom, what is it?
It's a huge package. Oh, get outta the- One of the kids is in the way. I can't see.



It's a-



It's a what? WHAT IS IT?

Oh, no
Oh, ya big lizard Now we'll ''never'' know what it is
Way to go, Rex
No, no Turn 'em around, turn 'em around
He's putting 'em in backwards Here, you're putting 'em in backwards
Plus is positive, minus is negative Oh, let me


Let's go to my room, guys

Red alert, red alert Andy's comin' upstairs

 There
 Juvenile intrusion Repeat, resume your positions now
Andy's coming Everybody, back to your places Hurry

Get to your places Get to your places
Where's my ear? Who's seen my ear? Did you see my ear?
Out of my way Here I come Here I come

Hey, look His lasers light up
Take that, Zurg

Quick, make a space This is where the spaceship lands.
And you press his back and he does a karate chop action
 Come on down, guys It's time for games We got prizes
Oh yeah

What is it?
Can you see it?
What the heck is up there?
Woody, who's up there with ya?

Woody? What are you doing under the bed?
Uh, nothing', uh, nothing'. I'm sure Andy was just a little excited, that's all. Too much cake and ice cream, I suppose. It's just a mistake
Well, that mistake is sitting in your spot, Woody.
 Have you been replaced?
Hey, what did I tell you earlier? No one is getting replaced. Now let's all be polite and give whatever it is up there a nice, big Andy's Room welcome.

Buzz Lightyear to Star Command. Come in, Star Command.  Star Command, come in. Do you read me?  Why don't they answer?  My ship

Blast This will take weeks to repair.

Buzz Lightyear mission log, star date 4-0-7-2. My ship has run off course en route to sector 12. I've crash-landed on a strange planet. The impact must have awoken me from hyper sleep.  Terrain seems a bit unstable. into communicator* No readout yet if the air is breathable. And there seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere.
Hello

Aaaaaaah Whoa H-Hey Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Did I frighten you? Didn't mean to, sorry. Howdy, my name is Woody, and this is Andy's room. That's all I wanted to say. And also, there has been a bit of a mix-up. This is my spot, see the bed here-
 Local law enforcement. It's about time you got here. I'm Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger Universe Protection Unit. My ship has crash-landed here by mistake.
Yes, it is a mistake because, you see, the bed here is my spot.
I need to repair my turbo boosters. Do you people still use fossil fuels, or have you discovered crystallic fusion?
Well, let's see. We got double-A's.
Watch yourself  Halt Who goes there?
Don't shoot It's okay. Friends.
 Do you know these life-forms?
Yes They're Andy's toys.
All right, everyone, you’re clear to come up.  I am Buzz Lightyear. I come in peace.
 Oh, I'm so glad you're not a dinosaur
Wh- Why, thank you  Now, thank you all for your ''kind'' welcome
Say, what's ''that'' button do?
I'll show you.

 Buzz Lightyear to the rescue

Wow
Hey, Woody's got something like that. His is a pull string. Only it's-
Only it sounds like a car ran over it.
Oh yeah, but not like this. This is a quality sound system. Probably all copper wiring, huh? So, uh, where you from? Singapore? Hong Kong?
Evil Emperor Zurg, sworn enemy of the Galactic Alliance
Oh, really? I'm from Playskool.
And I'm from . Well, I'm not really from Mattel. I'm actually from a smaller company that was purchased in a leveraged buyout. Well, I don't really understand the financials, but...
 You'd think they’ve never seen a new toy before.
Well, sure, look at him He's got more gadgets on him than a Swiss Army knife.

Ah-ah-ah-ah Please be careful. You don't want to be in the way when my laser goes off.
Hey, a laser? How come ''you'' don't have a laser, Woody?
It's not a laser It's a- It's a little light bulb that blinks
What's with him?
Laser envy.
All right, that's enough Look, we're all very impressed with Andy's new toy.
Toy?
T-O-Y. Toy
Excuse me, I-I think the word you're searching for is "Space Ranger."
The word I'm searching for I can't say because there's preschool toys present.
Gettin' kind of tense, aren't ya?
Oh, uh, Mr. Lightyear, uh, now I'm curious. What does a Space Ranger actually do?
He's not a Space Ranger He doesn't fight evil or or shoot lasers or fly
Excuse me

Oh, impressive wingspan Very good
Oh, what? What? These are plastic. He can't fly
They are a trillium-carbonic alloy, and I can fly.
No, you can't.
Yes, I can.
You can't.
Can.
Can't, can't, ''can't''
I tell you, I could fly around this room with my eyes closed
Okay, then, Mr. Light Beer, prove it.
All right then, I will.  Stand back, everyone

To infinity... and beyond

Can

Whoooa Oh, wow, you flew magnificently
I found my moving buddy.
Thank you. Th-Thank you all, thank you.
That wasn't flying That was ''falling'' with style.
Man, the dolls must really go for you. Can you teach me that?
 Golly bob howdy
Oh, shut up You know, in a couple of days, everything will be just the way it was. They'll see. They'll see. I'm still Andy's favorite toy.



I was on top of the world living high
It was right in my pocket
I was living' the life
Things were just the way they should be

When from out of the sky like a bomb
Comes some little punk in a rocket
Now all of a sudden,
Some strange things are happening to me
Buzz Lightyear to the rescue

Strange things are happening to me
Strange things
Strange things are happening to me
Ain't no doubt about it

I had friends
I had lots of friends
Now all my friends are gone
And I'm doing the best I can to carry on

''I had power''
''Power''
''I want respected''
''Respect''
But not anymore
And I've lost the love of the one whom I adore

Let me tell you about it
Strange things are happening to me
Strange things

Strange things are happening to me
Ain't no doubt about it
Strange things 



Finally  Hey, who's got my hat?
 Look, I'm Woody Howdy, howdy, howdy
 Ah-ha Ah-ha  Gimme that 
Say there, Lizard and Stretchy Dog, let me show you something. It looks as though I've been accepted into your culture. Your chief Andy inscribed his name on me.
Wow
Wow With permanent ink too
Well, I must get back to repairing my ship. 

Don't let it get to you, Woody.
 Uh... let what? I don't, uh- What do you mean? Who?
I know Andy's excited about Buzz. But you know he'll always have a special place for you.
 Yeah, like the attic. Heh, heh.
All right, that's it 

Hmm. Unidirectional bonding strip.
 Mr. Lightyear wants more tape.

Listen, Light Snack, you stay away from Andy. He's mine, and no one is taking him away from me.
What are you talking about?  Where's that bonding strip?

And another thing, stop with this spaceman thing It's getting on my nerves
 Are you saying you want to lodge a complaint with Star Command?
Oh-ho, okay Ooh, well, so you want to do it the hard way, huh?
 Don't even think about it, cowboy.
Oh yeah, tough guy?

This air isn't... toxic.  How dare you open a spaceman's helmet on an uncharted planet? My eyeballs could have been sucked from their sockets 
You actually think you're the Buzz Lightyear?  Oh, all this time I thought it was an act  Hey, guys, look It's the real Buzz Lightyear
You're mocking me, aren't you?
Oh no, no. No, no, no, no, no.  Buzz, look, an alien
Where?

 Yes 
Whoa 
Uh-oh.
It's Sid
I thought he was a summer camp.
They must have kicked him out early this year.

Oh no, not Sid
 Incoming

Who is it this time?
I- I can't- I can't tell. Hey, where's Lenny?
Right here, Woody.

Oh no, I can't ''bare'' to watch one of these again.

Oh no, it's a Combat Carl.
What's going on?
Nothing that concerns you spacemen, just us toys.
I better go take a look anyway.  Why is that soldier strapped to an explosive device?
 That's why... Sid.
Hmm, sure is a hairy fellow.
No, no, that's Scud, you idiot.  ''That'' is Sid

You mean that happy child.
That ain't no happy child.
He tortures toys just for fun

Well then we've ''got'' to do something 
 What are you doing? Get down from there
I'm gonna teach that boy a lesson.
Yeah, sure. Go ahead. Melt him with your scary laser. 
 Be careful with that It's extremely dangerous.
 He's lighting it He's lighting it Hit the dirt

Look out

Yes He's gone He's history Whoo
(''The toys peek over the window sill. A large black scorch mark is all that remains where Combat Carl once stood. Sid jumps up and down victoriously while Scud resumes his barking.
I could've stopped him.
Buzz, I would love to see you try. Of course, I would love to see you as a crater.

The sooner we move, the better.
 Yeah


 To infinity and beyond


Oh, all this packing makes me hungry. What would you say to dinner at, uh- Oh, Pizza Planet?
Pizza Planet? Oh, cool

 Go wash your hands and I'll get Molly ready.
 Can I bring some toys?
 You can bring ''one'' toy.
 Just one?
One toy?

Will Andy pick me?
Don't count on it? Ohh

Buzz Oh Buzz Buzz Lightyear Buzz Lightyear, thank goodness We've got trouble
Trouble? Where?
 Down there Just down there A helpless toy, it's- it's trapped, Buzz
Then we've no time to lose

I don't see anything
Oh, he's there Just, just keep looking 
What kind of toy- 

Buzz
Waaah
Buzz

I don't see him in the driveway.
Do you see what happened?
I think he bounce into Sid's yard.
Oh, Buzz

Hey, everyone, RC's trying to say something  What is it, boy?
 He's saying that this was no accident.
Huh?
What do you mean?
I mean Humpty Dumpty was pushed-
No
 -by Woody
 What?
Wait a minute. You- You don't think I meant to knock Buzz out the window.  Do you, Potato Head?
That's ''Mr.'' Potato Head to ''you,'' you backstabbing murderer
Now, it was an accident, guys, come on now. You- you got to believe me.
We believe ya, Woody. Right, Rex?
Well, ye... N...  I don't like confrontations
Where is your honor, dirtbag? You are an absolute disgrace You don’t deserve to- Hey

You couldn't handle Buzz cutting in on your playtime, could you, Woody? Didn't want to face the fact that Buzz just might be Andy's new favorite toy, so you got rid of him. Well, what if Andy starts playing with me more, Woody, huh? You gonna knock me outta the window too?
I don't think we should give him the chance.

There he is, men, frag him
Let's string him up by his pull-string
I call dibs on his hat
Would you boys stop it?
Tackle him
No, no, no, wait, wait, wait, I can explain everything
 Andy, come on
 Okay, Mom, be right down, I gotta get Buzz.
Retreat

Mom, do you know where Buzz is?
No, I haven't seen him

Andy, I'm headin' out the door
But, Mom, I can't find him
Honey, just grab some other toy, now come on
 Okay. 

I couldn't find my Buzz. I know I left him right there.
Honey, I'm sure he's around. You'll find him.

It's too short We need more monkeys
There aren't any more That's the whole barrel  Buzz, the monkeys aren't working We're formulating another plans Stay calm Oh, where could he be?


Can I help pump the gas?
 Sure I'll even let you drive.
 Yeah?
 Yeah, when you're 16.
 Yuk, yuk, yuk Funny, Mom.

Aw, great. How am I gonna convince those guys it was an accident?

Buzz

Buzz Ha You're alive This is great Oh, I'm saved I'm saved Andy will find you here He'll take us back to the room, and then you can tell everyone that this was all just a big mistake. Huh, right?  Buddy?
I just want you to know that even though you tried to terminate me, revenge is not an idea we promote on my planet.
Oh. Well, that's good.
But we're not on my planet, are we?
No.

Okay, come on You want a piece of me?

 Buzz- Buzz- Buzz Lightyear to the rescue
Aah-ouch
 Next stop...
 Pizza Planet Yeah

 Andy

Wh- Doesn't he realize that I'm not there?  I'm ''lost''  Oh, I'm a lost toy

Buzz Lightyear mission log. The local sheriff and I seem to be at a huge refueling station of some sort.
YOU

According to my Nava-computer, the-
Shut up Just shut up, you idiot
Sheriff, this is no time to panic.
This is the perfect time to panic I'm lost, Andy is gone, they’re gonna move from their house in two days and it's all your fault
My- My fault? If you hadn't pushed me out of the window in the first place-
Oh, yeah? Well, if ''you'' hadn't shown up in your stupid little cardboard spaceship and taken away everything that was important to me-
Don't talk to me about importance Because of ''YOU'' the security of this entire universe is in jeopardy
What? What are you talkin' about?
Right now, poised at the edge of the galaxy, Emperor Zurg has been secretly building a weapon with the destructive capacity to annihilate an entire planet I alone have information that reveals this weapon's only weakness.  And ''you,'' my friend, are responsible for delaying my rendezvous with Star Command
'''''YOU... ARE... A... TOY''''' You aren't the real Buzz Lightyear You're a- Oh, you’re an action figure You are a child's plaything
You are a sad, strange little man, and you have my pity. Farewell. 
Oh, yeah? Well, good riddance, ya loony  "Rendezvous with Star Command".

 Hey, gas dude
 You talking to me?
 Yeah, man, can you help me here? Do you know where Cutting Boulevard is?
Pizza Planet? Andy  Oh, no I can't show my face in that room without Buzz.  Buzz Buzz, come back
Go away
No, Buzz, you gotta come back I-  I found a spaceship

 It's a spaceship, Buzz

 Come on, man, hurry up Um like, the pizzas are getting cold here
 Uh, Cutting Boulevard, huh?
 Yeah, yeah. Which way?

Now, you're sure this space freighter will return to its port of origin once it jettisons its food supply?
Uh-huh. And when we get there, we'll be able to find a way to transport you home.
Well then, let's climb aboard.
No, no, no wait, Buzz Buzz  Let's get in the back No one will see us there.
Negative. There are no restraining harnesses in the cargo area. We'll be much safer in the cockpit.
Yeah, Bu-

Buzz Buzz
 That's two lefts and a right, huh?
 Yeah.
Thanks for the directions, okay?
And remember, kid-
Buzz

It's safer in the cockpit than the cargo bay. What an idiot.



Next shuttle lift off is scheduled for T-minus 30 minutes and counting.

''You are clear to enter. Welcome to Pizza Planet.''
The white zone is for immediate pizza-

Sheriff  Yep.

There you are. Now, the entrance is heavily guarded. We need a way to get inside.  Great idea, Woody. I like your thinkin'.
(''In the F.G. sits a trash can with fast food containers littered around it. more customers approach the guarded entrance.
''You are clear to enter. Welcome to Pizza Planet.''

Now

Quickly, Sheriff, the airlock is closing.

Jones, party of five, your shuttle is now boarding-

Hey, Mom, can we have some tokens?

Ow Watch where you're going
Sorry.

Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.

What a... spaceport Good work, Woody.

Mom, can I play Black Hole? Please, please, please?

Andy
Now, we need to find a ship that's headed for Sector 12.
Wait a minute.  No, no, no, Buzz, this way There's a special ship, I just saw it
You mean it has hyper drive?
Hyperactive hyper drive. And Astro... uh, turf
Where is it? I-I don't see the-

Come on, that's it...
Spaceship
Alright, Buzz, get ready. And-

...until the universe explodes
Okay, Buzz, when I say go, we're gonna jump in the basket. Buzz

D'oh No
Hey, Mom, if I eat all my pizza, can I have some alien slime?
This cannot be happening to me.

A stranger.
From the outside.
Oooooohhhhhhh
Greetings. I am Buzz Lightyear. I come in peace.
(''The squeeze toys rush Buzz like jabbering excited children.
Before your space journey, re-energize yourself with a slice of pepperoni, now boarding at counter three.

This is an intergalactic emergency. I need to commandeer your vessel to Sector 12. Who's in charge here?
 The claaaaaaaaww....

The claw's our master.
The claw chooses who will go and who will stay.
This is ludicrous.
Hey, bozo, you got a brain in there?
 
 Take that

Oh, no Sid  Get down

What's gotten into you, Sheriff? I was-
''You'' are the one that decided to climb into this-
Shh The claw, it moves.

I have been chosen Farewell, my friends I go on to a better place.

Gotcha  A Buzz Lightyear? No way

Yes
 Buzz No

 HEY

He has been chosen
He must go.
Hey What are you doing?
 He must go Do not fight the claw Do not anger the claw He has been chosen.
Stop it Stop it, you zealots

Alright Double prizes

 Let's go home and... ''play.'' Ha-ha-ha.


Sheriff, I can see your dwelling from here. You’re almost home.
Nirvana is coming. The mystic portal awaits.
Would you be quiet? You guys don't get it, do you? Once we go into Sid's house, we won't be coming out.


Whoa, Scud Hey, boy Sit Good boy. Hey, I got something for you, boy. 
Freeze

Ready, set, now

Hannah Hey, Hannah
What?
Did I get my package in the mail?
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
I don't know
Oh no, Hannah
What?
Look, Janie 
Hey
She's ''sick''
No, she's not
I'll have to perform one of my... operations 
No
Not Sid's room. Not there.

Sid, give her back Sid Sid

 Oh no, we have a sick patient here, Nurse. Prepare the OR, stat 

Patient is...  prepped.  No one's ever attempted a double bypass brain transplant before.  Now for the tricky part. Pliers
I don't believe that man's ever been to medical school.

 Doctor, you've done it  Hannah  Janie's all better now.
 MOM MOM
She's lying Whatever she says, it's not true

We are gonna die. I'm outta here  Locked  There's got to be another way outta here.

Uh, Buzz? W-Was that you?

Hey, hi there, little fella. Come out here. Do you know a way outta here?

B-B-B-B-B-BUZZ

They're cannibals

Mayday, mayday Come in, Star Command Send reinforcements  Star Command, do you copy?  I've set my laser from stun to kill.
Aw, great. Great, yeah, and if anyone attacks us, we can blink 'em to death.


Hey, you guys, I think I found him Buzz? Is that you?

Whiskers, will you get outta here? You're interfering with the search and rescue

 Look, they're home.

Mom, have you seen Woody?
Where was the last place you left him?
 Right here in the van.
Oh, I'm sure he's there. You're just not looking hard enough.
He's not here, Mom. Woody's gone.
 Woody's gone?
Ah, boy, the weasel got away.
Huh? Huh? I told you he was guilty
Who would've thought he was capable of such atrocities?

Oh, Slink, I hope he's okay.

 Oh, a survivor. Where is the rebel base? Talk


I can see your will is strong.

Well, we have ways of making you talk.

Where are your rebel friends now? 
 Sid Your pop-tarts are ready
All right

You all right? I'm proud of you, Sheriff, a lesser man would've talked under such torture.
 Sure hope this isn't permanent.
Still no word from Star Command. We're not that far from the spaceport.
The door It's open, we're free
What if we don't know what's out there?
I'll tell you wh- Aaaaah

Ah They're gonna eat us, Buzz Do something, quick
Sheild your eyes

It's not working. I recharged it before I left. I-It should be good for-
No, you idiot, you’re a toy Use your karate chop action  Get away  Hoo-cha Hoo-cha
Hey, hey How are you doin' that? Stop that
Back Back, you savages Back
Woody, stop it
Sorry guys, but dinner's cancelled  There's no place like home There's no place like home  There's no place like home


Another stunt like that, cowboy, you're gonna get us killed.
Don't tell me what to do.
Shh.

 YEE-HAW Giddy up, partner We gotta get this wagon train a-movin'

Split up

Calling Buzz Lightyear. Come in, Buzz Lightyear. This is Star Command. Buzz Lightyear, do you read me?
Star Command 
Buzz Lightyear responding Read you loud and clear
Buzz Lightyear, planet Earth needs your help...
On the way
'''''BUZZ LIGHTYEAR'''''
The world's greatest superhero, now the world's greatest toy Buzz has it all Locking wrist communicator
Calling Buzz Lightyear
Karate Chop Action
Wow
Pulsating laserlight
Total annihilation
Multi-phrase voice simulator
 It's a secret mission in uncharted space.
 It's a secret mission in uncharted space.
And best of all, high pressure space-wings
To infinity and beyond
Not a flying toy.

Get your Buzz Lightyear action figure and save a galaxy near you
'''''BUZZ LIGHTYEAR'''''
Available at all Al's Toy Barn outlets in the tri-county area.
And welcome back to the Point Richmond Bowling Championship.

Out among the stars I'd sail
Way beyond the moon
In my silver ship I sailed
In a dream that ended too soon
Now I know exactly who I am
And what I'm here for...

 You are a toy You can't fly
And I will go sailing
No more

But no, it can't be true,
I could fly if I wanted to
Like a bird in the sky...
If I believed I could fly...
Why, I'd fly

To infinity and beyond

''Clearly, I will go sailing, no more''

Mom Mom, have you seen my Sally doll?

 What, dear? What was that?
 Never mind


Oo-oo-oof  Buzz, the coast is clear. Buzz, where are you?
 It's a secret mission in uncharted space. Let's go.

 Really? That is so interesting.

Would you like some tea, Mrs. Nesbitt?

 Buzz
It's so nice you could join us on such late notice.
 Oh, no
What a lovely hat, Mrs. Nesbitt. It goes quite well with your head.

 Hannah Oh, Hannah

Mom?  Please excuse me, ladies. I'll be right back.

What is it, Mom? Mom, where are you?

Buzz Hey, Buzz Are you okay?
Gone  It's all gone. All of it's gone. Bye-bye Whoo-whoo See ya
What happened to you?
One minute you're defending the whole galaxy. And suddenly you find yourself suckin' down Darjeeling with...  Marie Antoinette and her little sister.  
 I think you've had enough tea for today. Let's get you outta here, Buzz.
Don't you get it? You see the hat? I am Mrs. Nesbitt 
Snap out of it, Buzz

I-I-I'm... I'm sorry. I- You're right. I'm just a little depressed. That's all.  I-I-I can get through this.  Oh, I'm a sham
Shhhhh Quiet, Buzz.
Look at me I can't even fly out of... a window The hat look good. Tell me the hat look good. The apron is a bit much, it's not my color...

Out the window Buzz, you're a genius  Come on, come on. This way.
Years of academy training, wasted


Ha, ha. B-3.
Miss G-6.
Oh You sunk it
Heh-heh.
Are you peeking?
Oh, quit your whining and pay up.  No, no, not the ear, give me the nose. C'mon
 How about three out of five?

Hey, guys Guys Hey
Son of a building block. It's Woody
He's in the psycho's bedroom
Ha-ha, hi
Everyone, it's Woody

Woody?
You're kidding
Woody?
Ha We're gonna get outta here, Buzz  Buzz? 

Hey, look
Woody
Oh boy, am I glad to see you guys
I knew you'd come back, Woody
What are you doin' over there?
It's a long story, Bo, I'll explain later. Here Catch this
Whoa  I got it, Woody
He got it, Woody
Good going, Slink Now just, just tie it on to something.
Wait, wait, wait, wait I got a better idea How 'bout we don't? 
Hey
Potato Head
Did you all take stupid pills this morning? Have you forgotten what he did to Buzz? And now you want to let him back over here?
No, no, no No-no-no-no-no You got it- You got it all wrong, Potato Head Buzz is fine Buzz is right here, he's with me
You are a liar
No, I'm not  Buzz, come over here and you just tell the nice toys that you're- that you're not dead.

Just a sec  Buzz, will you get up here and give me a hand?

 Ha-ha-ha-ha. That's very funny, Buzz.  This is serious
Hey, Woody? Where'd ya go?
He's lying. Buzz ain't there.

Oh Hi, Buzz Why don't you say hello to the guys over there?  Hiya, fellas. To infinity and beyond
Hey, look It's Buzz
Yeah. Hey, Buzz, let's show the guys our new secret best-friends handshake. Give me five, man
 Something's screwy here.
So, you see we're friends now, guys. Aren't we, Buzz?  You bet. Give me a hug.  Ha-ha, oh, I love you, too.
See? It ''is'' Buzz. Now get back the lights, Potato Head.
Wait just a minute.  What are you trying to pull?
Nothing

Oh, well that is disgusting.
MURDERER
No No-no-no-no
You murdering dog
It's not what you think I swear
Save it for the jury I hope Sid pulls your voice box out, ya creep
No, no, no, no Don't leave, don't leave Ya got to help us, please You don't know what it's like over here
Come on. Let's get outta here.
Go back to your lives, citizens. Show's over.

Come back Slink Slink, please Please Listen to me  No No, come back Sli-i-i-inkyy

Buzz Go away, you disgusting freaks

Aah Alright, back Back, you cannibals Aah Oof

He is still alive, and you're not gonna get him, you monsters

Hey. Hey, they fixed you.  But- But they're cannibals. We saw them eat those other toys.

Uh...sorry. I-I-I thought that you were gonna...  ...you know, you know, eat my friend.

Hey, no, no, wait, hey What's wrong?
 Sid?
 Not now, Mom, I'm busy
Sid
 You left the door open

Buzz C'mon, get up Use your legs Fine, let Sid trash you but don't blame me

It came It finally came  The Big One  "Extremely dangerous. Keep out of reach of children." Cool.  What am I gonna blow? Man. Hey where's that wimpy cowboy doll?

Yes I've always wanted to put a spaceman into orbit. Ha-ha.

Now...yes.

Oh no Aw man...

 Sid Phillips reporting. Launch of the shuttle has been delayed due to adverse weather conditions at the launch site. Tomorrow's forecast...  ...sunny. Ha-ha-ha. Sweet dreams.


I looked everywhere, honey, but all I could find was your hat.
But what if we leave them behind?
Oh, don't worry, honey, I'm sure we'll find Woody and Buzz before we leave tomorrow.

 Ahh I need air
(''Rex pops out of the top of the box, couching a packing Styrofoam peanut out of his mouth. Potato Head appears beside him.
Will you quit moving around?
I'm sorry. It's just that I get so nervous before I travel
How did I get stuck with YOU as a moving buddy? 
Everyone else was picked.

Oh, Woody. If only you could see how much Andy misses you.




Psst Psst Hey, Buzz

Hey Get over here and see if you can get this tool box off me.

Oh, come on, Buzz, I- Buzz, I can't do this without you. I need your help.
I can't help. I can't help anyone.
Why sure you can, Buzz. You can get me outta here. And then I'll get that rocket off you, and we'll make a break for Andy's house.
Andy's house, Sid's house. What's the difference?
Oh, Buzz. You've had a big fall. You must not be thinking clearly.
No, Woody. For the first time I am thinking clearly.  You were right all along. I'm not a Space Ranger. I'm just a toy, a stupid little insignificant toy.
Whoa, hey, wait a minute. Being' a toy is a lot better than being' a, a Space Ranger.
Yeah, right.
No, it is. Look, over in that house is a kid who thinks you are the greatest. And it's not because you're a Space Ranger, pal. It's because you're a toy. You are his toy.
But why would Andy want me?
Why would Andy want you? Look at you You're a Buzz Lightyear. Any other toy would give up his moving parts just to be you. You've got wings, you glow in the dark, you talk, your helmet does that... that whoosh thing. You are a cool toy.  ...As a matter of fact, you're too cool. I mean- I mean what chance does a toy like me have against a Buzz Lightyear action figure? All I can do is... 
 There's a snake in my boot
 Why would Andy ever want to play with me, when he's got you? I'm the one that should be strapped to that rocket.

Listen, Buzz, forget about me. You should get outta here while you can.

Buzz What are you doin'? I thought you were-
Come on, Sheriff. There's a kid over in that house who needs us. Now let's get you out of this thing.
Yes, sir

Come on, Buzz We can do it

Woody It's the moving van.
We've gotta get out of here now.

C'mon, Buzz.

Alright.  Buzz Hey, I'm out

Almost...there...

I wanna ride the pony...

Woody Woody Are you alright?
 I'm fine. I'm okay.

Oh, yeah Time for liftoff Whoo  To infinity and beyond

Ah Aaah Back, back Back Down, down

Okay, what do I do? Come on Woody, think

Guys  No, no, no, no Wait Wait. Listen, please. There's a good toy down there, and he's gonna be blown to bits in a few minutes. All because of me. We’ve got to save him. But I need your help.

Please. He's my friend. And he's the only one I've got.

 Thank you.  Okay. I think I know what to do. We're gonna have to break a few rules, but if it works, it'll help everybody.




Houston to Mission Control. Come in, Control.  A launch pad is being constructed.


Alright, listen up. I need Pump Boy here, Ducky here. Legs, you're with Ducky.  RollerBob and I don't move 'til we get the signal, clear?

Okay, let's move

Wind the frog

Wait for the signal...

Go

Alright, let's go

 I'll get it
Now

I'm coming, I'm coming

 Scud

Stupid dog

Lean back



 Uh, Mission Control, is the launch pad construction complete?  Uh, roger, rocket is now secured to guide wire. We are currently obtaining the ignition sticks. Countdown will commence momentarily. Stand by.

Let's go

Hey, Ma, where are the matches? Oh, oh, wait, here they are. Never mind

Woody Great Help me outta this thing.
Shh
What?
It's okay. Everything's under control. 
Woody, what are you doing?

 Houston, all systems are go. Requesting permission to launch...  Hey How'd you get out here?  Oh, well, you and I can have a cookout later. Ha-ha-ha...

 Houston, do we have permission to launch?  Uh, roger, permission granted. You are confirmed at T minus 10 seconds...  ...and counting. Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one

 Reach for the sky.
Huh?

 This town ain't big enough for the two of us.
What?

 Somebody's poisoned the water hole.
It's busted. 
 Who are you callin' busted, Buster?

 That's right. I'm talking to you, Sid Phillips. We don't like being blown up, Sid, or smashed or ripped apart.
W-W-W-We?
 That's right. Your toys.

Mama Mama Mama Mama

 From now on, you must take good care of your toys Because if you don't, we'll find out, Sid. We toys can see-  ''-everything...''

So play '''''nice.'''''

Ha-ha We did it We did it Ha-ha Yes

The toys The toys are alive  N-Nice toy....

What's wrong, Sid? Don't you want to play with Sally?

Nice work, fellahs. Good job. Comin' out of the ground, what a touch That was a stroke of genius.
Woody Thanks.

 Everybody say "Bye, house"
Woody, the van
 Bye, house.

 We gotta run, thanks, guys

Quick

Just go, I'll catch up

Come on

You can do it, Woody

Whoo-hoo-hoo I made it.

 Aaaah Aah Get away, you stupid dog Down, down Aah, aah

Hold on, Woody
I can't do it Take care of Andy for me
NOOOOOOO

Buzz

Ow
Are we there already?
Woody?
Woody
How did you-
How'd he get here?
Where have you- What happened?

Ow
What's goin' on? What's he taken?
Aha There you are 
Hey. What's he doing?

Aah He's at it again

GET HIM

Roar
Ah-ah No, no

No, no, no, no Wait Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa

Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa

Pig pile

Get outta that car
Move it
Whew.

No wait You don't understand Buzz is out there, we've gotta help him
Toss him overboard
No, no, no, wait Aah

Hooray
So long Woody

Ohh Woody

Whoa Oh Well, thanks for the ride.
Look out

Now let's catch up to that truck

Guys, guys, Woody's riding RC
What?
And Buzz is with him

It ''is'' Buzz Woody was telling the truth
What have we done?
Great, now I have guilt.

We're almost there
Rocky, the ramp

Look out

Quick, hold on to my tail

Atta boy, Slink

Ohh, Woody Woody, speed up
Speed up
The batteries They're running out
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa

Hakuna Matata
What a wonderful phrase

I can't hold on much longer
Slink, hang on

Great

Woody, the rocket
The match Yes Thank you, Sid

No, no, no, no No Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no No

Woody, what are you doing?
Hold still, Buzz

Ha-ha 
You did it Next stop: Andy
Wait a minute... I just lit a rocket. ''Rockets explode''

I should've held on longer...
 Look, look, it's Woody and Buzz comin' up fast

Woody

Ah Take cover

AAAH This is the part where we blow up
Not today

 ''AAAHH''

Hey, Buzz You're flying
This isn't flying. This is falling with style
Ha-ha-ha To infinity and beyooond

 Uh, Buzz We missed the truck
We're not aiming for the truck

 Hey, wow
What? What is it?
 Woody Buzz
Oh, great, you found them. Where were they?
Here in the car
See? Now what did I tell you? Right where you left them.



Which one can I open first?
Let's let Molly open one.



 Frankincense, this is Myrrh. Come in, Frankincense.
Hey, heads up everybody, it's showtime.
Oh, it's time

Woah Oh, Bo There's gotta be a less painful way to get my attention.
Merry Christmas, Sheriff.

Say, isn't that mistletoe?
Mm-hm.

Maybe Andy will get another dinosaur, like a leaf-eater. That way I could play the, uh, dominant predator. Ha-ha-ha
Quiet everyone, quiet
 Molly's first present is... Mrs. Potato Head, repeat. A Mrs. Potato Head
Way to go, Idaho
Gee, I better shave.

Buzz. Buzz Lightyear, you are not worried, are you?
Me? No, no. Pfft. No. No, no, no, no. Mm-mm.
  Come in, Frankincense. Andy is now opening his first present- I can't make quite out- A large box- it's- it-

Are you?
Ha Now, Buzz, what could Andy possibly get that is worse than you?

 Oh, what is it? What is it? Wow, a puppy




 
  Buzz Lightyear Mission log All signs point to this planet as the location of Zurg's fortress but there seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere
 
  Come to me my prey
 
 
  So we meet again Buzz Lightyear for the last time
  Not today Zurg
 
 
 
  Oh no No No no no no no
  Oooh You almost had him
  I'm never gonna defeat Zurg
  Sure you will Rex In fact you're a better Buzz than I am
  But look at my little arms I can't press the Fire button and jump at the same time


 
  Where is it where is it Where is it
  Uh Woody
 
  Ooooh
  Woody are you alright
  Yeah yeah I'm fine Buzz Okay Here's your list of things to do while I'm gone batteries need to be changed Toys at the bottom of the chest need to be rotated Oh and make sure everyone attends Mr Spell's seminar on what to do if you or part of you is swallowed Okay Okay Good okay
  Woody you haven't found your hat yet have you
  No And Andy's leaving for Cowboy Camp any minute and I can't find it anywhere
  Don't worry Woody In just a few hours you'll be sittin' around a campfire with Andy makin' delicious hot schmoes
  They're called smores Buzz
  
  Negatory Still searching
  The lawn gnome next door says it's not in the yard but hey he'll keep looking
  It's not in Molly's room We've looked everywhere
  I found it
  You found my hat
  Your hat No The missus lost her earring Oh my little sweet potato
 
  Oh great That's just great This'll be the first year I miss cowboy camp all because of my stupid hat
  Woody Look under your boot
  Don't be silly My hat is not under my boot
  Would you just look
  Oh You see No hat Just the word Andy
  Uh-huh And the boy who wrote that would take you to camp with or without your hat
  I'm sorry Bo It's just I've been looking forward to this all year It's my one time with just me and Andy
  You're cute when you care
  Bo Not in front of Buzz
 
 
  Hey kids this is Al from Al's Toy Barn and I'm sittin' on some good deals here Ow I think I'm feeling a deal hatching right now Whoa Let's see what we got We got boats for a buck beanies for a buck
  Rex turn it off Someone's gonna hear
  Which one is off
  Buck buck buck And that's cheap cheap cheap So hurry on down
  I despise that chicken
  Fellas Fellas Okay I got some good news and I got some bad news
  What news
  Good news is I found your hat Woody
  My hat Oh Slink thank you Thank you thank you thank you Where'd you find it
  Well that's the bad news


 
  Oh It's Buster
  

 
  Woody hide Quick
 
  Okay okay okay Okay Okay You found me Buster All right Hey how did he do Hamm 
  Eh looks like a new record
  OK boy sit Reach for the sky  Gotcha  Ohh Great job boy  Who's gonna miss me while I'm gone huh Who's gonna miss me Who's gonna miss meeeeee
  Andy you got all your stuff
  Okay Have a good weekend everybody I'II see you Sunday night
  It's in my room  Stick 'em up   Hey Woody ready to go to Cowboy Camp
  Andy honey come on Five minutes and we're leavin'
  Five minutes Hmm


 
  Help help Somebody help me
  Let her go evil Dr Pork Chop
  Never You must choose Sheriff Woody How shall she die Shark or death by monkeys 
  Choose
  I choose Buzz Lightyear 
  What That's not a choice
  To infinity and beyond 
  I'll save you Miss Peep
  My hero 
  Thanks Buzz
  No problem buddy You should never tangle with the unstoppable duo of Woody and Buzz Lightyear 
   Oh no 
  Andy let's go Molly's already in her car seat
  But Mom Woody's arm ripped
  Oh no Maybe we can fix him on the way
  No just leave him
  I'm sorry honey but you know toys don't last forever
 
  What happened
  Woody's been shelved
  
 
  Andy
 
  Woody
  Woody Honey are you okay
 


 
  Yee-haw Ride 'em cowboy Whoo Yeah giddy-up Yeah giddy-up
  He's back Hey everybody Andy's back He's back early from cowboy camp 
  Places everybody Andy's coming
 
  Yeah  Hey Woody did you miss me Giddy-up giddy-up giddy-up giddy-up Ride 'em cowboy  Oh I forgot You're broken I don't want to play with you anymore
 
   No Andy No No Andy no Andy Andy Andy
 
  Byeee Woodyyy
  No No ANDY
 


 
  Wheezy Is that you
  Hey Woody
  What are you doing up here I thought Mom took you to get your squeaker fixed months ago Andy was so upset
  Nah She just told him that to calm him down And then put me on the shelf
  Well why didn't you yell for help
  Well I tried squeakin' But I'm still broken No one could hear me  Besides the dust aggravates my condition  What's the point in prolonging the inevitable We're all just one stitch away from here to there 
  Guys wake up wake up There's a yard sale outside
  Yard Sale
  Sarge Emergency roll call

 
  Hamm
  Here
  Potato Head Mr and Mrs
  Here
  Troikas Check Check check check check
  I hate yard sales
  Slinky
 
  Aaah Someone's coming
 
  Okay Let's see what's up here
 
  Bye Woody
 
  Wheezy Oh come on Think think Woody Think think think Oh
 
  Hey here boy Here Buster Up here No No no No no NO  Okay boy To the yard sale Hyah
 
  What's goin' on
  Woody
  He's nuts
  His arm ain't that bad
  Don't do it Woody We love youuu


  Careful on the steps now
 
  Okay Boy Let's go And keep it casual
 
  Not that casual
 
  Piggy bank piggy bank coming through
  Is he out there
  Can you see him
  There he is
 
  Oh He's getting in the box
  He's sellin' himself for 25 cents
  Oh Woody you're worth more than that
  Hold on hold on hold on Look He´s got something
 
  It's Wheezy
  Wheezy
  Hey It's not suicide It's a rescue
 
  Good boy Buster Hold still  There There you go pal
  Bless you Woody
  All right now back to Andy's room Hyah
 
  Way to go cowboy
  Yea Woodster
  Golly bob howdy
 
  Woody I-I'm slippin'
 

 
  Mommy Mommy look Look at this Mommy look it's a cowboy dolly
  Hey that's not her toy
  No no no no no
  What's that little gal think she's doin'
  Mommy Mommy Can we get it please Mommy please
  Oh honey you don't want this toy It's broken 

  There's a snake in my boot
 
  Original hand-painted face Natural-dyed blanket-stitched vest Hmm A little rip Fixable Oh if only you had your hand-stitched polyvinyl  A HAT I found him I found him I found him 
  Buster Quiet down Excuse me Can I help you
  Uh how much for all this stuff
  Yeah you can help take his paws off my pal
  I'll give you eh 50 cents for all this junk
   Oh now h-how did this get down here
  Just hand her the sheriff Nice and easy
  Oh a pro Very well Five dollars
  I'm sorry It's a old family toy
  Now just walk away
  Wait
  The other way
  Uh I'll give you 50 bucks for it
  Fifty bucks ain't bad
  It's not for sale 
  Everything's for sale O-Or trade Uh you like my watch
  Sorry
  He’s safe
  Way to go Andy's mom
  Whew That was close
  All right She showed him
  But lady
  Molly don't touch that please
  Lady Lady Lady
  Yeah go home Mr Fancy Car
 
  Hold on
  Whassup
  What is it Buzz
 
  Molly I'll be right here sweetie Oh What now
 
  What's happening down there
  What's goin' on down there
  What's he doin'
  I can't watch Can someone cover my eyes
  Oh no He's stealing Woody
  What
  Stealin' W-Wait
  He can't take Woody It's illegal
  Where's he goin'
  Somebody do somethin'
 
  Buzz
 
  Get him Buzz
 
  Okay where's the red jacket
 
  Why would someone steal Woody


 
 

 
  All right Let's review this one more time At precisely 832-ish Exhibit A Woody was kidnapped Exhibit B Composite sketch of the kidnapper 
  Nah that's not him
  He didn't have a beard like that
  Fine Uh Etch give him a shave 
  The kidnapper was bigger than that
  Oh picky picky picky
  Let's just go straight to Exhibit F The kidnapper's vehicle  Now the vehicle fled the scene in this direction
  Your eyes are in backwards It went the other way
  Hey put a cork in it
  How do you spell FPB 
  MY CRIME SCENE 
  Oh why don't you watch where you're goin' Godspilla
  I didn't know there was a crime scene
  Excuse me Excuse me A little quiet please Thank you
  Huh
 
  Lazy toy brain Lousy try Brian
  What are you doing Buzz
  There was some sort of message encoded on that vehicle's ID tag
  Liz try bran
  It's just a licence plate It's just a jumble of letters
  Yeah and there are about million registered cars in the Tri-County area alone
  Lou's thigh burn 
  Oh this can't help Let's leave Buzz to play with his toys 
  Toy Toy Toy hold on 
  Al's Toy Barn
  Huh Al's Toy Barn
   Etch draw that man in a chicken suit 
  
  AAHH It's the chicken man
  That's our guy
  I knew there was somethin' I didn't like about that chicken


 
  Yeah yeah yeah yeah I'll be right there And we're gonna do this commercial in one take Do you hear me Because I am in the middle of something really important 


 
  Andy
 
  I can't believe I have to drive all the way to work on a Saturday All the way to work 
 


 
  What Whoa   Hey Stop Horsey stop Stop Sit Boy Stop it Sit I said Whoa
 
 
  
  IT'S YOU IT'S YOU IT'S YOU IT'S YOU IT'S YOU IT'S REALLY YOU
  What's me
  Whoo-whee 
  There's a snake in my boot
  Ha It is you
  Please stop saying that
  Prospector said someday you'd come Sweet mother of Abraham Lincoln The Prospector He'll wanna meet ya 
  Say hello to the Prospector
 
  I-it's a box
  He's mint in the box Never been opened
  Turn me around Bullseye so I can see
 
  Why the prodigal son has returned
  YEEEEEEEEEEEHAAAAAAAAAAAAA It's you It's you You're here IT'S YOU IT'S YOU IT'S YOU
 
  Okay I'm officially freaked-out now
  Oh we've waited countless years for this day It's good to see you Woody
  Listen I don't know wh Hey How do you know my name
  Everyone knows your name Woody
 
  Why you don't know who you are Do you Bullseye
 
  That's me
 
  Wow
 
  Holy cow


 
  Cowboy Crunchies the only cereal that's sugar-frosted and dipped in chocolate proudly presents
Woody's Roundup
Come on it's time to play
There's Jessie the Yodelin' Cowgirl
  Lookit Lookit That's me
Bullseye he's Woody's house
He's a smart one
Pete the old prospector
  Has anyone seen my pickaxe
 
And the man himself of course
It's time for Sheriff Woody
He's the very best
He's the rootin'-est tootin'-est cowboy in the wild wild west
Woody's Roundup
 

 
  I can't find it It doesn't seem to be on any of these stations
  Keep looking
  Ah you're goin' too slow Lemme take the wheel 
  It's too fast How can you even tell what's on
  I can tell 
  Toy and
  There it is We made it
  Back Back Back
  Too late I'm in the 40s Gotta go 'round the horn It's faster 
  and look for the giant chicken
  Now Etch  That's where l need to go
  You can't go Buzz You'II never make it there
  Woody once risked his life to save me l couldn't call myself his friend if l weren't willing to do the same So who's with me
   I'm packing you an extra pair of shoes and your angry eyes just in case
   This is for Woody when you find him 
   All right but l l don't think it'll mean the same coming from me
  Mr Buzz Lightyear You just gotta save my pal Woody 
  l'II do my best son
 
  Okay fellas Let's roII  Geronimo 
  You'd think with all my video game experience l'd be feeling more prepared 
  The idea is to let go
  We'II be back before Andy gets home
  Don't talk to any toy you don't know
  To AI's Toy Barn and beyond 
 


 
  They don't call this the old abandoned mine for nothin' Prospector I reckon we oughta get outta here
  Where's my gold Hold on I'll light me a candle  This sure is a fast-burnin' wick
  Blast us to smithereens That there's dynamite
  Holy tarnation
  I'll call for help    Hey critters go get Sheriff Woody Now scoot
 
  Good job Bullseye I reckon the new school house is finally done  What's that  Jessie and Prospector are trapped in the old abandoned mine And Prospector just lit a stick of dynamite thinkin' it was a candle and now they're about to be blown to smithereens
  Mmm-hmm
  Ride like the wind Bullseye
 
  You're fannin' the flames Jessie It takes brains to put out that fire  Yeow My biscuits are burnin'
 
  Will Woody and Bullseye land to safety Can they reach Jessie and Stinky Pete in time Tune in next week for the exciting conclusion Woody's Finest Hour
  All right All right Next tape   Hey wait wait wait What-what happened What happens next Come on Let's see the next episode
  That's it
  What
  The show was cancelled after that 
  Wait wait wait wait What about the gold mine and the-and the cute little critters and the dynamite That was a great show I mean why cancel it
  Two words Sput Nik Once the astronauts went up children only wanted to play with space toys
  I know how that feels But still my own show And look at all this stuff
  Didn't you know Why you're valuable property
  Oh I wish the guys could see this  Ahaha I get it There's a snake in my boot Hey Bullseye go long Go long  A record player Ha Haven't seen one of these in ages  Okay now slow 
  Oh that's funny Bullseye
   Hop on cowgirl Think fast Not bad
  It's time for Woody's Roundup
He's the very best
He's the rootin'-est tootin'-est cowboy in the wild wild west
 
   
  Oh Hey look at us We're a complete set
  Now it's on the museum
  Museum  What museum
  The museum We're being sold to the Konishi Toy Museum in Tokyo
  That's in Japan
  Japan No No no no no no no I can't go to Japan
   What do you mean
  I gotta get back home to my owner Andy Hey look look See 
   He still has an owner
  Oh my goodness
   No Can't go I can't do storage again I just can't
  Jessie Jessie
   I won't go back in the dark
  Wh-What's the matter What's wrong with her
  Well we've been in storage for a long time waiting for you
  Why me
  The museum's only interested in the collection if you're in it Woody Without you we go back into storage It's that simple
   IT'S NOT FAIR How can you do this to us
  Hey look I'm sorry but this is all a big mistake You see I was in this yard sale
  Yard sale Why were you in a yard sale if you have an owner
  Well I wasn't supposed to be there I was trying to save another toy when--
  Was it because you're damaged Hmm Did this Andy break you
  Yeah but No No no no It was It was an accident I mean--
   Sounds like he really loves you
   It's not like that okay And I'm not going to any museum
  Well I'm not going back into storage 
 
  Al's coming
  
  Go Go on Jessie
 
  Ohh Ohh Ohh
  Jessie look at me I promise you'll come out of the box Now go Go
 


  It's showtime
 
   And now the main attraction
 
   No His arm Where's his arm  Oh no No no no no Oh what am I gonna do Oh I know I know  Come on come on come on pick up the phone
 
  Hello
  It's me It's Al I got an emergency here
  Well I'm busy
  Yes we're all busy but Look it has to be tonight
  What You've got to be kidding me
  All right all right But first thing in the morning 

   AAAAHH It's gone I can't believe it My arm is completely gone
  All right come here Come on Let me see that Oh it's just a popped seam Easily repaired You should consider yourself lucky
 
  Big deal  Let him go I'm sure his precious Andy is dying to play with an one-armed cowboy doll
  Why Jessie you know he wouldn't last an hour on his condition It's a dangerous world out there for a toy


 
  Uh all right nobody look til I get my cork back in
  Good work men Two blocks down and only 19 more to go
  What
  19
  Are we gonna do this all night My parts are killing me
  Come on fellas Did Woody give up when Sid had me strapped to a rocket
  No
  No And did he give up when you threw him out of the back of that moving van
  Oh ya had to bring that up
  No he didn't We have a friend in need and we will not rest until he's safe in Andy's room Now let's move out
 
  And that concludes our broadcast day
 

 
  Bullseye Bullseye go go go go Oh come on You don't wanna help me I'm the bad guy You're gonna go back in storage because of me remember Now just go
 
  Bullseye all right all right But you have got to keep quiet Now come on
 
   Over here Attaboy Okay Bullseye Upsy-daisy
 
  Bullseye cut it out Stop it Stop it Bullseye Stop it Stop it Stop it
 
  Woody's Roundup Come on it's time to play~
 
  What No officer I swear What 
 
  Oh get in there There you go Cheap case Where's the remote Where is the remote
 
  Why don't I put it in the same place everyti-- Oh here it is
 


 
  What is your problem Look I'm sorry I can't help you guys out Really I am But you didn't have to go and pull a stunt like that
  What you think I did that
  Oh right right Yeah the TV just happened to turn on and the remote magically ended up in front of you
  You callin' me a liar
  Well if the boot fits
   Say that again
 
  Okay cowboy
 
  How do ya like that Take it back TAKE IT BACK
  Don't think just 'cause you're a girl I'm gonna take it easy on ya 
  Jessie Woody you stop this at once Ohhhh 
 
  I don't know how that television turned on but fighting about it isn't helping anything
  If I had both my arms
  Well the fact is you don't Woody So I suggest you just wait until morning The cleaner will come fix your arm
  And then I'm outta here
 
  Oh no no Bullseye Don't take it that way It's just that Andy
  Andy Andy Andy That's all he ever talks about You Know
 


 
  Hey Buzz can we slow down May I remind you that some of us are carrying over six dollars in change
  Losing health units must rest
  Is everyone present and accounted for
  Not quite everyone
  Who's behind
  Mine 
  Hey guys Why did the toys cross the road
  Not now Hamm
  Oh I love riddles Why
  To get to the chicken on the other side 
  Hooray
  Yippee The chicken  Ah well we tried 
  We'll have to cross
  What the/What
  You're not turning me into a mashed potato
  I may not be a smart dog but I know what roadkill is
  There must be a safe way 
  Ah that went well
 
  Good job troops We're that much closer to Woody
 


 
  Oh thank goodness You're here
  Is the specimen ready for cleaning
 
  So uh how long is this gonna take
  You can't rush art
 
  Oh no It's closed
  We're not preschool toys Slinky We can read
 
  Hey Joe you're late We got a ton of toys to unload in the back
  All right all right I'm comin' I'm comin'
  Come on Let's get movin'
  All right let's go
  But the sign says it's closed
 
  No no no no All together Now
 
  Whoa Nelly How are we gonna find Woody in this place
   Look for Al We find Al we find Woody Now move out
 
  Woody
  Woody
 
  There you go  He's for display only You handle him too much he's not gonna last
  It's amazing You're a genius He's just like new


 
  Wow   I could use one of those
 
  You know they make it so you can't defeat Zurg unless you buy this book It's extortion that's what it is  Hey I always thought the golden sceptre was the only
  Aaaah
 
  I thought we could search in style
  Nice going there Hamm  So how about letting a toy with fingers drive 


 
  Am I really that fat
 
  Hiya
  Ow What are you doing
  You're in direct violation of code 6404 5 stating all space rangers are to be in hypersleep until awakened by authorized personnel
  Oh no
 
  You're breakin' ranks ranger
 
  Buzz Lightyear to Star Command I've got an AWOL space ranger
   Tell me I wasn't this deluded
 
  No back talk I have a laser and I will use it
  You mean the laser that's a light bulb
 
  Has your mind been melded You could've killed me space ranger Or should I say traitor
 
  I don't have time for this
  Halt I order you to halt
 
  Listen to me Listen to me Wait wait wait
 


 
  We've been down this aisle already
  We've never been down this aisle It's pink
  Face it we're lost
  Ooh Back it up back it up
 
  What a great party
 
  How low can you go How low can you go
   Stop splashing me
  Excuse me ladies Does anyone know where we might find the Al of Al's Toy Barn
  I can help  I'm Tour Guide Barbie Please keep your hands arms and accessories inside the car and no flash photography Thank you
   I'm a married spud I'm a married spud I'm a married spud
  Then make room for the single fellas 
  To our right is the Hot Wheels aisle Developed in the original series had cars including the Corvette
  Uh beg your pardon ma'am but where's Al's office
  Please hold all questions until the end of the tour Thank you
  WAH It says how you defeat Zurg Look guys 
  Hey Rex
  Excuse me sir
  Get this outta here geekosaur
 
  Look out
  Oh stop stop stop
 
  Turn into the spin Barbie
 
 
 
  Remain seated please Permanecer sentados por favor 

 
  Ow Listen to me Listen to me You're not really a space ranger You're a toy We're all toys Do you hear me
  Well that should hold you til the court martial 
  Let Me GO You don't realize what you're doing 
   And this is the Buzz Lightyear aisle Back in 1995 shortsighted retailers did not order enough dolls to meet demand
  Hey Buzz
  Halt Who goes there 
  Quit clowning around and get in the car
  Buzz Buzz I know how to defeat Zurg
   You do
  Come on I'II tell you on the way
    No no Guys You've got the wrong Buzz YOU'VE GOT THE WRONG BUZZ
  Say where'd you get the cool belt Buzz
  Well slotted pig they're standard issue 
  NOOOO


 
   It's like printing my own money  Yeah what
  Al McWhiggin
  Oh Mr Konishi Yes uh I-I have the pictures right here In fact I'm in the car right now on my way to the office to fax them to you I'm goin' through a tunnel I'm breakin' up 

 
  Oh wow will you look at me It's like I'm fresh out of the box Look at this stitching Andy's gonna have a hard time rippin' this  Hello Hi Hello
  Great Now you can go 
   Well what a good idea
 
  Woody don't be mad at Jessie She's been through more than you know Why not make amends before you leave huh It's the least you can do
 
   All right But I don't know what good it'll do

 
  Hey Whatcha doin' way up here
  I thought I'd get one last look at the sun before I get packed away again
  Look Jessie I know you hate me for leaving but I have to go back I'm still Andy's toy Well if you knew him you'd understand You see Andy's a
  Let me guess Andy's a real special kid and to him you're his buddy his best friend and when Andy plays with you it's like even though you're not moving you feel like you're alive because that's how he sees you
  Whoa How did you know that
  Because Emily was just the same She was my whole world
 
 When somebody loved me
 Everything was beautiful
 Every hour we spent together
 Lives within my heart
 And when she was sad
 I was there to dry her tears
 And when she was happy so was I
 When she loved me
 
 Through the summer and the fall
 We've had each other that was all
 Just she and I together
 Like it was meant to be
 And when she was lonely
 I was there to comfort her
 And I knew
 She loved me
 
 So the years went by
 I stayed the same
 But she began to drift away
 I was left alone
 Still I waited for the day
 When she'd say I will always love you
 
 Lonely and forgotten
 I'd never thought she'd look my way
 And she smiled at me and held me
 Just like she used to do
 Like she loved me
 When she loved me
 
 When somebody loved me
 Everything was beautiful
 Every hour we spent together
 Lives within my heart
 When she loved me
 
  You never forget kids like Emily or Andy  But they forget you
  Jessie I I didn't know
  Just go

 
  How long will it last Woody Do you really think Andy is going to take you to college Or on his honeymoon Andy is growing up and there's nothing you can do about it
 
  It's your choice Woody You can go back Or you can stay with us and last forever You'll be adored by children for generations
 
  Who am I to break up the Roundup gang
 

 
  Hey Woody are you in here
  Nah This one's empty too
  Woody
  Woody
  Woody
   Pardon me gentlemen but have either of you seen a cowboy doll with a bad arm

 
 
  
  You see all along we thought the way into Zurg's fortress was through the main gate But in fact the secret entrance is to the left hidden in the shadows
   To the left and in the shadows Got it 
  Someone's coming
  Everyone take cover 
  No it was a big pile-up but I don't want to bore you with the details Yes Now let me confirm your fax number  W-W-Wait Slow That's a lot of numbers No I got it
 
   It's him
   The chicken man
   Funny he doesn't look like poultry
  That's the kidnapper all right
  A kidnapper An agent of Zurg if I ever saw one
 
  And the pièce de résistance I promise the collection will be the crown jewel of your museum 
   It's Woody
  Now that I have your attention imagine we added another zero to the price huh
  I don't care Yes yes yes yes
  What
  I pay anything you want Anything
  YES YES You got a deal I'll be on the next flight to Japan
  Quick get into the poultry man's cargo unit He'll lead us to Zurg Move move move 
  Don't touch my mustache 


 
  Al you are rich Rich rich rich 
   Huh 
   Destroy Buzz Lightyear Destroy Buzz Lightyear


 
  Aah He didn't take the bag
  No time to lose  He's ascending in the vertical transporter  All right everyone hang on We're gonna blast through the roof
  Uh Buzz
  To infinity and beyond 
  What are you insane We're wasting time Stand still Godzilla 
  I-I don't understand Somehow my fuel cells have gone dry 
  Aaaaaah
  
 
  Blast He's on level 23
  How are we gonna get up there
  Maybe if we find some balloons we could float to the top
  Are you kidding I say we stack ourselves up push the intercom and pretend we're delivering a pizza
  How about a ham sandwich with fries and a hot dog
  What about me
  Ah you can be the toy that comes with the meal
  Troops over here


 
  Just like you said lizard man In the shadows to the left Okay Let's move   Mission log Have infiltrated enemy territory without detection And are making our way through the bowels of Zurg's fortress
  You know I think that Buzz aisle went to his head
 
  Oh no Which way do we go
   This way
  What makes you so sure
  I'm Buzz Lightyear I'm always sure  We've been detected The walls They're closing in Quick help me prop up vegetable man or we're done for
  Hey Hey Put me down you moron
  Hey guys look It's not the walls It's the elevator
 
  Come on We've got no time to lose Everyone grab hold 
  Huh/Huh
  Uh Buzz Why not just take the elevator
  They'll be expecting that
 
  Hey Buzz Stop Slow down
 


 
  To overnight six packages to Japan is how much What That's in yen right
  No dollars
  Dollars D'OH You are deliberately taking advantage of people in a hurry You know that All right I don't I don't I Look I'm I'll do it All right fine I'll have the stuff waiting in the lobby and you'd better be here in 15 minutes because I have a plane to catch do you hear me 

 
  Whoo-hoo We're finally going Can you believe it
  Ha-ha that's custom-fitted foam insulation you'll be ridin' in Bullseye First class all the way
  You know what I'm actually excited about this I mean it I really am
  And why shouldn't you be
  YEE-HAH
  
 
  Swing your partner do-si-do Look at you dancing cowboy
  Look I'm doing the box step HA HA HA HA HA 

 
  Uh-oh Hey head's up down there
  WHOA Pork bellies are fallin'
  Hey How much farther Buzz
   Half way there
  My arms can't hold on much longer 
  Too heavy  What was I thinking My anti gravity servos  Hang tight everyone I'm going to let go of the wall
  Oh What
  He wouldn't
  One
  He would
  Two
  NO BUZZ DON'T/LET'S THINK ABOUT THIS
  Three
 
  To infinity and beyond  Approaching destination Reengaging gravity  Area secure  It's okay troops The antigravity sickness will wear off momentarily Now let's move 
  Remind me to glue his helmet shut when we get back
 


 
  How about givin' me a little intro there Jessie
  Introducing the high-ridin'-est cowboy around
   You forgot rootin'-tootin'-est
  The high-ridin'-est rootin'-tootin'-est cowboy hero of all time Sheriff Woody
 
  Say little missy you notice any trouble around these parts
  Nary a bit not with Sheriff Woody around
  Wait wait wait wait wait I got it I got it This is great Okay The bandits got the critters tied up in the burning barn and now for the best part  I've got ya critters  No need to worry Woody saves the day again
  YEEE-HAH
  Now where's my trusty steed Bullseye I have to ride off into the sunset Ohh  Ride like the wind Bullseye 
 
  W-Watch it Wait wait I'm ticklish okay
  Oh you are
  No No no no Cut it out  Stop it Stop it stop it No please Please No No no Stop it Stop it


 
   Mission log Have reached Zurg's command deck But no sign of him or his wooden captive
 
  Please No
  That's Woody 
  This way
 
  Please Please no No No no no
  Buzz can you see What's going on
  I'm begging you
  Take that
  I'm begging you No more
 
  To the left No your left
  Take that
  Please You're killin' me
  Take it up higher
  What's happening
   Oh it's horrible They're torturing him
  
   What are we gonna do Buzz
  Use your head
 
  But I don't wanna use my head
  
 
  
  What's going on here
  Buzz guys Hey how did you find me
  Watch yourself
 
  We're here to spring ya Woody
  Aaaaah
 
  You heard of kung fu Well get ready for pork CHOP
  Prepare to meet MR ANGRY EYES
 
  Hold it now Hey you don't understand These are my friends
  Yeah we're his friends
  No Rex I meant they're my friends
 
  Hey stop it You leave him alone springy dog Hey
 
  Grab Woody and let's go
 
  Fellas hold it Hey Buzz put me down
  Retreat
 Quick To the vent
 All right let’s go
  They're stealing him
  No
 


  Hold it right there
  Buzz
  You again
  Woody Thank goodness you're all right
  Buzz what is going on
  Hold on I am Buzz Lightyear and I am in charge of this detachment
  No I am Buzz Light--
  I am Buzz Light--
  am Buzz Lightyear
 
  So who's the real Buzz
  I am
  Don't let this impostor fool you He's been trained by Zurg himself to mimic my every move
 
  Buzz
 
  I had a feelin' it was you Buzz My front end just had to catch up with my back end 
 
  Will somebody please explain what's going on
  It's all right space ranger  It's a code 546
   You mean it's a-
  Yes
  And he's a-
  Oh yeah
 
  Your majesty


 
  Woody you're in danger here We need to leave now
  Al's selling you to a toy museum in Japan
  I know It's okay Buzz I actually wanna go
  What
  Are you crazy
  Look the thing is I'm a rare Sheriff Woody doll and these guys are my Roundup gang
  Woody what are you talking about
  What am I talking about Woody's Roundup Oh it's this great old TV show and I was the star
 
  See now look Look Look at me See That's me
  This is weirdin' me out
  Buzz it was a national phenomenon And there was all this merchandise that just got packed up Oh you should've seen it There was a record player And a yo-yo Buzz I was a yo-yo
  Was
  Woody stop this nonsense and let's go
  Nah Buzz  I can't go I can't abandon these guys They need me to get into this museum Without me they'll go back into storage Maybe forever
  Woody you're not a collector's item You're a child's plaything You are A TOY
  For how much longer One more rip then Andy's done with me And what do I do then Buzz Huh You tell me
  Somewhere in that pad of stuffing is a toy who taught me that life's only worth living if you're being loved by a kid And I traveled all this way to rescue that toy Because I believed him
  Well you wasted your time
 
  Let's go everyone
  What about Woody
  He's not coming with us
 
  But-But Andy's was coming home tonight
  Then we'd better make sure we're there waiting for him
 
  I don't have a choice Buzz This is my only chance
  To do what Woody Watch kids from behind glass and never be loved again Some life
 
  Is everybody okay
  Sheriff Woody I knew you'd make it
  Now remember deputies the real treasures are your friends and family Before I go kids I want to share somethin' special with you for the times when I'm not around
  Good going Woody I thought they'd never leave
 
  You've got a friend in me~
 You've got a friend in me~
 
  Woody
  You've got troubles~
 Well I've got 'em too~
 There isn't anything I wouldn't do for you~
 
 We stick together and see it through 'cause~
 You got a friend in me~
 Some other folks might be a little bit smarter than I am~
 
 Bigger and stronger too~
 Maybe
 But none of them will ever love you~
 The way I do
 It's me and you boy~
 
 And as the years go by~
 Our friendship will never die~
 You're gonna see it's our destiny~
 
  What am I doing


 
  BUZZ Wait Wait
  Woody where're you going
  You're right Prospector I can't stop Andy from growing up But I wouldn't miss it for the world
  No
 
  BUZZ
  Yes
  Yes
  I'm coming with you  Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait I'II be back in just a second
  Way to go cowboy
 
  Hey you guys come with me
  What
  Andy will play with all of us I know it
  Woody I-I I don't know I
  Wouldn't you give anything just to have one more day with Emily Come on Jessie This is what it's all about to make a child happy And you know it Bullseye are you with me
 
  Okay good boy Alright Prospector how 'bout you
 


 
  Prospector
  You're outta your box
  I tried reasoning with you Woody But you keep forcing me to take extreme measures
 
  Wait a minute You turned on the TV last night not Jessie
  Look we have an eternity to spend together in the museum Let's not start off by pointing fingers shall we
  You really are Stinky Pete aren't you
  Prospector this isn't fair
 
  Fair I'll tell you what's not fair Spending a lifetime on a dime-store shelf watching every other toy be sold Well finally my waiting has paid off And no hand-me-down cowboy doll IS GONNA MESS IT UP FOR ME NOW
 
  Buzz HELP BUZZ GUYS
  It's too late Woody That silly Buzz Lightweight can't help you
 
  Whatever I've always hated those upstart space toys
  It's stuck What do we do
  Can I use my head
 
  It's Al
 
  Look at the time I'm gonna be late Oh figures I can't miss this flight I've gotta pack All right Let's see Uh wallet keys tickets uh passport beef jerky very expensive over there Shower  Oh I can skip the shower I just gotta get outta here now
 


  Quick To the elevator
 
  Hurry I can hear it coming
 
  So we meet again Buzz Lightyear FOR THE LAST TIME

  It's Zurg
 
  Look out He's got an ion blaster
 
  Quick Get on
 
  The emergency hatch Come on
   Waaaaah
 
  Huh
 
  Come on Hurry
  But Buzz's in peril
 
  Buzz-Buzz-Buzz Lightyear to the rescue
 



 Surrender Buzz Lightyear I have won
 I'll never give in You killed my father
 your father




 
 Come on Come on Come on
 
 Aaah Buzz you could have defeated Zurg all along You just need to believe in yourself Ah
 
 Prepare to die
 Aaah I can't look
 

 I did it I finally defeated Zurg
 Father
 
 Finally
 


  How are we gonna get him now
  Pizza anyone
 
  Go go go
  I got it
 
  Buzz are you coming
  No I I have a lot of catching up to do with my dad
 
  Good throw son That's my boy Go long Buzzy
 
  Oh you're a great dad Yippee
  Farewell
  Does anyone know how to drive
 Slink take the pedals Rex you navigate Hamm and Potato operate the levers and knobs
 
  Ooooooooooooh
 Strangers
 From the outside
  Oh no
  He's at a red light We can catch him
  Maximum power Slink
 
  Agh It turned green Hurry
  Why won't it go
  Use the Wand of Power
 
  Ooh Ow Oh
  Rex which way
  Left No no I mean right That's right No I mean left Left is right Buzz he's turning left He's turning left
 
  Oh oh boy
 
  Whoa-oa-oa-oa
 
  Oh I seriously doubt he's gettin' this kind of mileage
  Go right To the right Right right right right
 
  You have saved our lives We are eternally grateful 
  Yeah yeah yeah Whatever
 


  The white zone is for immediate loading and unloading No parking
 
  Guys we can't park here It's a white zone
  You have saved our lives We are eternally grateful
  Final boarding call
  There he is
 
  For Far East Airlines flight to Tokyo All confirmed passengers with boarding passes must board at this time
 
  Passenger Twitch passenger Leon Twitch please pick up
 
  YOU HAVE SAVED OUT LIVES WE ARE ETERNALLY GREATFUL
  Will you just leave me alone
  Oh Someone's coming
 
  Ooh a puppy
  Uh bark-bark-bark-bark Bark bark-bark-bark-bark-bark
 
  Listen fly boy the contents of that case are worth more than you make in a year You got that sport
  I understand sir
  You be careful Do you have a fragile sticker or something you can put on that 'Cause I know what goes on back there
  Don't worry sir
  I had a box of cookies once that came back as crumbs
 
  The Mystic Portal
 Ooooooooooooh
  Once we go through we just need to find that case
 
  Blech Ow There's the case
 
  No there's the case
 
  You take that one down and we'll take this one
 
  Whoa-oaaa Buzz Buzz My back end's goin' to Baton Rouge Aaaaaah 
  SLINKY
 
  Here we come Woody Woody here we come Here we come Woody
 
  
  Hey nice flash though


 
  Okay Woody let's go
 
  Take that space toy

 

 


 

 FINE
 
 No
 
 Gotcha
 IDIOTS Children destroy toys You'll all be ruined forgotten Spending eternity rotting in some landfill
 Well Stinky Pete I think it's time you learned the true meaning of playtime  Right over there guys
 
 
  Look Barbie A big ugly man doll Ooh he needs a make-over
 
 Hi You'll like Amy  She's an artist
 
 Come on hon
 


  Happy trails Prospector
  Buzz Woody
  Help us out here
 
  Hurry
  Oh no Jessie Come on
  Oh Woody Help
 
  Jessie  Come on Buzz Hyah
 
  Run like the wind Bullseye
 
  Hey howdy hey Giddy-up
  Come on Bullseye Hyah
 
  Buzz give me a boost
 
  Oh Oh Oh
  Woody
 
  Here's the rest
 
  Ah
 
  Excuse me ma'am but I believe you're on the wrong flight
  Woody 
  Come on Jess It's time to take you home
  But what if Andy doesn't like me
  Nonsense Andy'll love you Besides he's got a little sister
  He does Why didn't you say so Let's go
  Whoa
 
  Hold it There's a couple more bags coming from the terminal
  Okay On three One two-
 
  Too late Put 'em on the next flight
 
  This is bad
  How are we gonna get outta here
 
  Over there Come on
 
  You sure about this
  No Let's go
 


 
  Hold on Woody
 
  What's a cowboy without his hat
  Buzz
 
  Buzz Buzz get behind the tyres
 
  Jessie Let go of the plane
  What are you Crazy
  Just pretend it's the final episode of Woody's Roundup
  But it was cancelled We never saw if you made it
  Well then let's find out together
 
  We did it We did it We did it Whoo
  Nice ropin' cowboy
  That was definitely Woody's finest hour
 
  Your hat partner
  Hoo-hoo
 
  Let's go home

 
  Yee-haw  Hey WoodyWoody
 
  Oh wow New toys Cool Thanks Mom It's Bazooka Jane and her jet-propelled horse Woody Buzz that polecat Zurg has stolen my space cows
 

 
  Andy come on hon Time to go Hey you fixed Woody
  Yeah Glad I decided not to take him to camp His whole arm might have come off
 
  Well what do you know
  Yee-hah Oh Bullseye we're part of a family again
 
  Uh m-ma'am I uh um  Well I just wanted to say you're a bright young woman with a beautiful yarnful of hair A hairful of yarn It's uh Whoo Uh I must go
 
  Well aren't you the sweetest space toy I ever met
  
  What's that Bark-bark Uh this fella says he needs to go out back for a little private time
  That critter needs help
 
  Ooh ooh oh Hey Rex I could use a hand over here buddy
  I don't need to play I've lived it
  No no no no no Oh nuts 
  Welcome to Al's Toy Barn We've got the lowest prices in town Everything for a buck-buck-buck 
  Well  I guess crime doesn't pay
  Now Andy did a great job huh Nice and strong
  I like it Makes you look tough
 
  You have saved our lives We are eternally grateful
  
  You saved their lives Oh my hero And they're so adorable Let's adopt them
  Daaadddyyy
  Oh no
 
  Wheezy you're fixed
  Oh yeah Mr Shark looked in the toy box and found me an extra squeaker
  And How do you feel
  Oh I feel swell In fact I think I feel a song comin' on
 
   You've got a friend in me~
You've got a friend in me~
You just remember what your old pal said~
Babe you've got a friend in me~
Yeah you've got a friend in meeee~
 
  Come on honey Come on over Oh you are such a big girl Andy you think she's ready to drive the car yet
  Yeah and I can teach her
 
  You still worried
  About Andy Nah It'll be fun while it lasts
  I'm proud of you cowboy
  Besides when it all ends I'll have old Buzz Lightyear to keep me company For infinity and beyond
 
  You're gonna see it's our destiny~
You got a friend in me~
  Yes you do~
  You've got a friend in me~
  That's the truth~
 You've got a frieeeend in meeeeeeeeeee~ Yeah
 














































